"Mix flour and sugar in medium bowl.  Cut in 1/2 cup margarine until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Press firmly into bottom of greased 9-inch square baking pan.  Bake 20 minutes or until very lightly browned.  Mix egg, syrup, brown sugar, melted butter, vanilla and cereal until well blended.  Spread evenly over warm crust.  Bake 20-25 minutes or until topping is firm around edges and slightly soft in center.  Cool on wire rack.  Cut into bars."
"Melt butter in pan and add curry powder, apple and onion.  Then add the soup and cream.  Place chicken pieces, salted, in one layer in roasting pan.  Pour sauce over.  Bake uncovered."
"Cream brown sugar and margarine, add slightly beaten egg, almond extract and beat well.  Sift flour, baking soda and salt together, add to batter and mix well.  Cut mixed glace cherries in quarters, chop almonds. Also take a little flour from sifter and sprinkle on cherries and almonds, add to mixture.  Form into a roll.  Wrap in wax paper and chill until hard.  When  hard, slice thinly with a sharp knife and bake.  This dough may be frozen and baked later."
"1.  Prepare Tangy Lemon Filling; cool to room temperature.  Spray 13 x 9 metal baking pan with nonstick cooking spray, line pan with waxed paper and spray waxed paper.  In small bowl mix flour, baking powder and salt.  In another small bowl, with mixer at high speed beat egg whites until soft peaks form.  Gradually beat in 1/4 cup sugar until sugar dissolves and whites stand in stiff peaks.  In large bowl, at high speed beat egg yolks, vanilla and 1/3 cup sugar 5 minutes.  Fold in flour mixture and beaten whites.  Spread batter in pan,  bake 8 to 10 minutes.  Sprinkle cloth towel with confectioners' sugar.  Invert cake onto towel, peel off waxed paper.  Starting at a long side, roll cake with towel jelly roll fashion.  Cool on wire rack.
Unroll cooled cake, spread with filling.  Roll up again without towel."
"Mix margarine, sugars, vanilla and eggs in large bowl. Stir in flour, baking soda and salt.  Stir in chocolate chips.  Drop dough by spoon onto ungreased baking sheet.   Cool slightly, remove from baking sheet."
"In a saucepan, combine the sugar, flour and salt.  Add milk gradually while stirring.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture is bubbly.  Keep stirring and cooking for 2 more minutes and then remove from heat.  Stir in a  small amount of  hot mixture into the beaten egg yolks.  Add the egg yolk mixture gradually to the rest of the hot mixture.  Cook for 2 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and add the butter and vanilla.  Stir until it has a smooth consistency.  Slice bananas into the pie shell.  Top with pudding mixture.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes.  Chill for an hour."
"In a very large bowl cream together butter, sugars, vanilla, maple and eggs.  In a separate bowl combine the flour, ground oatmeal, baking soda, baking powder and salt.  Add the dry ingredients to the butter mixture. Fold in the remaining ingredients. Roll into balls and freeze or bake"
"In one quart saucepan over medium heat - heat water, sugar, lemon juice, cornstarch, lemon peel , salt and yellow food coloring to boiling, stirring constantly.  Boil one minute."
"Mix dry ingredients together, then add the milk till doughy, and then add more flour until the dough becomes not sticky.  Roll out the dough to about 2 inches thick.  Use a fork to poke holes on both sides of the dough.  Put on greased cookie sheet.  Bake till light brown, approximately 45 minutes.  Check it every ten minutes.  Take out the Bannock and cool it for about 20 minutes or you can cut it into little slices and fry it in butter."
"Combine dry ingredients and egg mixture.  Add apples and mix well.  Bake in a 9 x 13 pan for one hour.  Top with whipped cream."
"Lightly grease sides of a 15 x 10 x 1 inch baking pan.
Beat flour, 1/2 cup of sugar, butter and salt in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Press firmly and evenly into prepared baking pan.  Bake 20 minutes until lightly browned.
Microwave corn syrup and chocolate in large microwavable bowl on high 2 1/2 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring halfway through heating time.  Stir until chocolate is melted.  Mix in remaining 1 1/2 cups sugar, eggs and vanilla until blended.  Stir in pecans.  Pour filling over hot crust, spread evenly.
Bake 35 minutes or until filling is firm around edges and slightly soft in center.  Cool completely in pan on wire rack.  Cut into bars.
Top of stove preparation:  Heat corn syrup and chocolate in heavy 3 quart saucepan on very low heat, stirring constantly until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth.  Continue as above."
"Mix coconut, sugar, flour and salt in bowl.  Stir in egg whites and almond extract until well blended.  Drop by tablespoonfuls onto lightly greased and floured cookie sheets.
Bake 20 minutes or until egos of cookies are golden brown.  Immediately remove from cookie sheets.  Cool on wire racks"
"Place chicken in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish and pierce with a fork. Layer cranberry sauce and pineapple over chicken and sprinkle with cinnamon.  Cover dish and bake  for 25 minutes. Remove cover and bake for another 15 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through (juices run clear)."
"BROWNIES:
Combine flour, baking soda and salt in small bowl. Combine sugar, butter and water in medium saucepan. Bring just to a boil, over medium heat, stirring constantly; remove from heat. (Or, combine granulated sugar, butter and water in medium, microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on HIGH power for 3 minutes, stirring halfway through cooking time. Stir until smooth.).  Add 1 cup morsels, peppermint extract and vanilla extract; stir until smooth. Add eggs one at a time, stirring well after each addition. Stir in flour mixture and remaining morsels. Spread into greased 9-inch-square baking pan.  Bake 20 to 30 minutes or until center is set. Cool completely (center will sink) in pan on wire rack.

FROSTING:
Spread vanilla frosting over brownie. Squeeze chocolate icing in parallel lines over frosting. Drag wooden pick through chocolate icing to feather. Let stand until frosting is set. Cut into bars."
"Microwave chocolate, milk and coffee in large microwavable bowl on high 2 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring halfway through heating time.  Stir until chocolate is completely melted.  Stir in nuts and vanilla.  Spread into 8 inch square pan.  Refrigerate 2 hours or until firm enough to handle.  Shape into 1 inch balls.  Roll in desired coatings.  Store in refrigerator"
"Beat cream cheese in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth.  Gradually add sugar, beating until well blended.  Stir in white chocolate, vanilla, nuts and food coloring until well mixed.  Spread in foil lined 8 inch square pan.  Top with sprinkles.  Refrigerate 1 hours or until firm.  Cut into squares."
"Beat cream cheese, butter, corn syrup and extract in large mixing bowl with electric mixer at medium speed until well blended.  Gradually beat in 4 cups powdered sugar until well blended.
Divide mixture into thirds.  Knead a few drops green food coloring into one third; red food coloring into second third; leave one third plain.  Wrap each piece in plastic wrap.
Working with one color at a time, shape dough into 3/4 inch balls.  Place on wax paper lined cookie sheet.  Flatten each ball with bottom of glass that has been lightly dipped in granulated sugar.
Repeat with remaining mixtures.  Decorate with icings, if desired.  Let dry before storing. Store in covered container in refrigerator"
"Melt chocolate with peanut butter in double boiler over hot, not boiling water; stir until well blended.  Cool slightly.  Fold in marshmallows.  Press into a greased 8 inch square pan.  Chill until firm.  Cut in squares.  Keep refrigerated."
"Thoroughly blend softened cream cheese, margarine, sugar and vanilla.  Add eggs, one at a time, mixing well after each addition.  Gradually add 2 cups flour sifted with baking powder.  Combine remaining flour with cherries and 1/2 cup nuts.  Fold into batter.  Grease a 9 inch bundt pan; sprinkle with 1/4 cup finely chopped nuts.  Pour batter into pan.  Bake 1 hour 20 minutes.  Cool 5 minutes; remove from pan.  Glaze with mixture of sifted icing sugar and milk. Garnish with cherries and pecans as desired.
NOTE:  This cake makes excellent fits,.  Bake cake in containers as suggested below:
1.  Pour 2 cups batter into each of three greased 1 lb. Coffee cans.  Bake at 325 1 hour.
2.  Pour 1 cup batter into each of five greased 6 x 3 1/2 inch loaf pans.  Bake at 325, 45 to 50 minutes"
"Combine all ingredients; mix lightly until well blended.  Stuff chicken or turkey or bake in shallow greased pan for  30 minutes
Allow approximately 3/4 cup stuffing per 1 lb.  of bird."
"CAKE DIRECTIONS:
Grease and flour 1- 9 inch high sided like a spring form pan or two round cake pans.
In a large deep mixing bowl   beat the flour,  sugar, baking powder, salt,  milk, shortening,  egg and  vanilla at low speed, scraping the bowl constantly for a good 30 seconds.  Then beat on high speed, scraping bowl occasionally for 3 full minutes.  Pour the batter into the prepared pan.  Bake for 30 - 35 Minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean.  Remove from the pan  from oven and let cool on a wire rack.
FILLING DIRECTIONS:
In a medium deep mixing bowl, beat egg yolks until lemony, and set aside.  In a 2 quart heavy bottomed saucepan, mix 1/3 cup sugar, cornstarch and salt.  Stir in the milk gradually and cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until the mixture thickens and boils.  Boil and stir 1 minute.  Stir at least 1/2 of this hot mixture slowly, a little at a time, into the egg yolks.  Return this mixture to the saucepan and boil and stir well for 1 minute.  Remove from heat and stir in the vanilla.  Let cool to room temperature.
CHOCOLATE GLAZING DIRECTIONS:
Heat the chocolate and butter over low heat until melted.  Remove from heat and stir in the confectioner's sugar and vanilla.  Stir in the water, 1 tsp at a time, until glaze is of desired consistency.
ASSEMBLING THE CAKE:
Using the two small thinner layer cakes or split the cooled spring form cake in half to make 2 thin layers.  Fill the layers with the filling.  Spread the chocolate glaze over the top.  Chill before serving and refrigerate any leftover cake."
"Combine dry ingredients in medium mixing bowl.  Combine milk and egg, stir into dry ingredients.  Stir in apples.  Drop batter by teaspoonful into deep hot oil, fry until brown, turning once.  Drain on absorbent paper, sprinkle with sugar."
"Cream together butter and sugar.  Add vanilla and eggs, beaten well.  Blend together flour, baking powder, salt and nutmeg.  Add to creamed mixture and beat well.  Stir in fruit.  Spread in well greased 9 inch square pan.  Bake about 25 minutes.  Cool and top with icing sugar.  Cut into small squares."
"Brown the ribs in heavy skillet.  Mix the brown sugar and cornstarch.  Add ketchup, mustard and soy sauce.  Mix well.  Add the vinegar, water and pineapple and bring to a boil.  Pour this mixture over the browned ribs in a large casserole.  Bake for at least 1 hour."
"Bake in a greased tube pan"
"Combine crumbs, butter and sugar.  Press firmly on bottom of  9 inch spring form pan.  In large mixer bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk, chocolate, eggs and vanilla until smooth.  Pour into prepared pan.  Bake 65 Minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched.  Cool.  Top with cherry pie filling.  Garnish with whipped cream and chocolate curls.  Refrigerate leftovers."
"Sift dry ingredients.  Stir in cranberries.  Beat together the egg, juice and oil.  Add to dry ingredients.  Beat for about 1/2 minute.  Batter will be lumpy.  Pour into a greased loaf pan and bake for 1 hour."
"Drain the cherries, saving the juice.  Cut cherries in half.  Add enough milk to cherry juice to make one cup.  Combine sugar, butter, egg and milk - juice mixture.  Beat well.  Add sifted dry ingredients and stir only until mixed.  Add nuts.  Fold in cherries last.  Bake for 1 hour."
"In medium bowl, sift together the first five dry ingredients.  In small bowl, combine egg, milk, applesauce and margarine and mix well.  Add egg mixture to flour mixture just until moistened.  In small bowl toss 2 Tablespoons of flour with cranberries.  Fold into batter.  Spoon batter into 12 cup greased muffin cups.  Sprinkle cinnamon and 2 tablespoons of sugar over tops of muffins.   Bake for 2-0 - 25 minutes or until golden brown."
"Cream butter and sugar.  Add eggs, then dates/water.  Stir in rest of the dry ingredients.  Fold in nuts.    Bake for 2 hours in small bread pans.  It takes less time if using loaf pans."
"The final shape can be free form, braided or rolled into the shape of a small shell.  You can add raisins, currents or fruit.  In a bowl, combine eggs, butter, salt and  flour.  Gradually  mix the dry yeast into the warm water, then add to the dough mix, stirring with a wooden spoon and work it in slowly.  Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and knead for 10 minutes or until the dough is smooth and elastic.  Put in a greased bowl, turn to coat the top, cover and put in a warm spot for 1 1/2 to 2 hours or until dough has doubled in bulk.  Punch down, turn out onto a floured surface again and knead for 2 minutes.  Return to greased bowl, cover and let rise again in a warm spot for about 1 hour.  After the second rise, turn out onto a floured surface, punch down and divide the dough into as many breads as you wish to bake.  Take 1 handful of the dough and roll it out to a length of about 1 foot.  Then twist it into a braid or roll it into snail-shell shape, curling it from the inside out.  Place the breads on a greased cookie sheet and cover lightly.  Place in a warm spot for about 1 hour.  Bake for about 45 - 60 minutes, depending on the size of the bread.  When done, it should have a nice golden brown appearance and the bottom sound hollow when tapped.  After removing from the oven, grease the tops slightly with butter while the breads are still hot.  Cool on wire racks."
"Measure carefully, adding ingredients to bread machine pan in the order recommended by the manufacturer.  Select Sweet or Basic/White cycle.  Use Light or Medium crust color.  Add raisins at the raisin/nut cycle or 5 minutes before last kneading cycle ends.  This is supposed to be a soft and sticky dough.  Do not add flour, as the bread will become tough.  Remove baked bread from pan and cool on wire rack."
"Combine ingredients in bread machine and put through the entire dough cycle.  Remove and roll out onto a floured surface in a rectangle shape.  Melt 1/2 cup of butter and pour enough of the melted butter into two pie plates to cover the bottom.  Spread the rest of the  melted butter onto the dough.  Sprinkle brown sugar in each pie plate and over the dough.  Sprinkle cinnamon over the dough.  Roll up the dough length wise to make a long rope. Cut into 1 inch slices and place in pie plates.  Cover and let rise for about 2 hours.  Bake till golden brown on top.  Remove from the oven and immediately invert pie plate on a sheet of wax paper.  Cool.  Serve warm with butter.   Freezes very well."
"Mix 1/4 cup of the flour, sugar, salt and undissolved yeast.  Heat milk, water and margarine to 120 - 130  degrees .  Gradually add milk mixture to dry mixture and beat 2 minutes at medium speed of mixer.  Add 1/4 cup flour.  Beat at high speed 2 minutes.  Stir in enough additional flour to make soft dough.  On floured board knead 2 to 3 minutes.  Divide dough in 8 - 12 equal pieces.  Shape into balls. Place in an 8 inch round pan.  Pour a 1 inch depth of boiling water into large pan on bottom rack of cold oven.  Set rolls on rack above water.  Cover.  Close oven door, let rise for 30 minutes.  Remove the cover.  Remove pan of water.  Bake 20-25 minutes or till rolls are light golden in color. Remove from pan to cool.  Serve warm"
"Pastry:
Bring water with the salt to a boil. Remove from heat and stir in flour. Beat over low heat until mixture leaves from the side of the pan. Remove from heat.  Beat in eggs, one at a time. Beat until shiny and satiny and broken in strands.  Drop three inches apart on ungreased sheet.  Form 12 strips 4 x 1 inches.  Bake for 40 minutes.  (it will sound hollow if tapped lightly.  Keep from drafts). Slit tops of eclairs and fill with custard. Spread tops with chocolate covering, chill and serve.
Custard:
In a medium saucepan heat milk slowly just until bubbles form round the edge. In a small bowl, combine sugar and cornstarch, mixing well. Stir into hot milk all at once. Cook, stirring, over medium heat until mixture boils. Reduce heat and simmer for 1 minute.  Beat a small amount of mixture into egg yolks. Pour back into sauce pan and cook, stirring, over medium heat until mixture boils and thickens.  Stir in vanilla.  Place waxed paper on surface to prevent skin from forming.  Refrigerate until ready to use.  Makes about 3 cups.
Chocolate Covering:
In top of double boiler, over hot but not boiling water, melt the chocolate with the shortening.  Add corn syrup and milk.  Stir until smooth and well blended.  Let cool slightly.  Spread covering over   degrees clairs.  Makes 2 cups."
"Combine all ingredients and mix well.  Store in an airtight container.  Use to season  chicken, seafood, meat, vegetables, hamburgers or add 1 Tablespoon to 1 lb. of ground beef for meatloaf"
"In bowl, combine 2 cups flour, 1/2 cup sugar, undissolved yeast and salt.  Heat water, milk and 1/2 cup margarine until very warm; margarine does not need to melt.  Stir into dry ingredients.  Stir in eggs and enough remaining flour to make soft dough.  Knead on lightly floured surface until smooth and elastic, about 4 to 6 minutes.  Cover, let rest on floured surface 10 minutes.  Roll dough to 22 x 10 inch rectangle.  Melt remaining margarine, brush on dough.  Evenly sprinkle with remaining sugar, cinnamon, and dates.  Beginning at long end, roll up tightly as for jelly roll.  Pinch seam to seal. With sharp knife, cut roll into 15 pieces.  Place, cut sides up, in greased 13 x 9 inch baking pan.  Cover, let rise in warm, draft free place until doubled in size, about 30 to 60 minutes.  Bake for 30 minutes or until done. Remove from pan, let cool on wire rack. Brush with Powdered Sugar Glaze or Honey Glaze"
"Mix sugar and cornstarch together, then stir in 2 cups water.  Combine egg yolks and lemon juice together well.  Add to sugar mixture and cook on medium heat until thick and boiling, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat; add lemon extract, butter, vinegar and salt. Place in baked pie shell."
"Beat egg whites until stiff, add 4 tablespoons sugar, beat well.  Pile on top of pie and bake until brown."
" In a large saueepan, combine sugaro cornstarch and salt; stir in
cherries. Let stand for 30 minutes. Cook and stir cherry mixture over
medium heat until mixture boils and starts to thicken. Line a f-in. pie
plate with bottom pastry; add filling. (If filling is frozen, thaw in the
refrigerator overnight.) Flute edges of pastry, Bake at 375  degrees  for 45
minutes or until crust is golden brown and fitling is bubbly. Cover
edges during the last 20 minutes to prevent overbrowning."
"In a heavy sauce pan over low heat, melt the chips with the condensed milk and salt.  Remove from heat, stir in nuts and vanilla.  Spread evenly into a 8 or 9 inch pan lined with aluminum foil.   Chill for 2 hours till firm.  Turn fudge onto cutting board, peel off foil and cut into squares.  Store loosely at room temperature."
"Combine the flour and salt.  In a large bowl, cream the butter and powdered sugar.   Beat in the vanilla.  Gradually blend in the dry ingredients.  Fold in the coconut. Cover and chill for 4 hours.  Pinch off walnut sized pieces of dough and roll into balls.  Place each ball 1 inch apart on ungreased cookie sheets.  Bake for 10 - 12 minutes until  lightly colored.  Transfer to a wire rack to cool.  Just before serving, roll balls in powdered sugar..
Walnuts can be added for a great taste.  When pinching off a piece of dough, put a whole  walnut in the middle and roll into a ball covering the nut completely."
"Beat margarine with sugar until light and fluffy.  Beat in eggs, two at a time and vanilla, mix well.  Stir in chocolate syrup.  Sift together flour, baking powder and salt.  Stir into chocolate mixture and add nuts.  Pour into well greased jelly roll pan and spread evenly.  Bake 22 - 25 minutes or until slight imprint remains when touched lightly.
-----
Combine margarine, milk and sugar in saucepan.  Stir to mix.  Bring to a boil and boil 30 seconds.  Add chocolate pieces, stir until mixture thickens slightly and cools.  Stir in vanilla and spread over cooled brownies."
"Base:
Melt butter in heavy saucepan.  Stir in sugar and cocoa until smooth.  Whisk egg with vanilla and stir into butter mixture.  Remove from heat.  Stir in crumbs, coconut and nuts.  Press evenly over bottom of greased 9 inch square pan.  Chill until set, at least 20 minutes.

Filling:
Beat butter with wooden spoon until light.  Beat in custard powder and milk.  Gradually beat in sugar.  Spread over chilled base and let set in fridge.
Topping:
Melt together chocolate and butter, stir until smooth.  Spread in even layer over chilled filling.  Store in fridge until chocolate topping begins to harden.  Score topping into bars.  Cut before totally solid, use a hot knife, wipe clean between cuts.  Store in fridge or freeze for up to 2 months."
"Beat butter and peanut butter with wooden spoon until light.  Beat in custard powder and milk.  Gradually beat in sugar.  Spread over chilled base and let set in fridge."
"Beat butter with wooden spoon until light.  Beat in Grand Marnier and orange rind.  Gradually beat in sugar.  Spread over chilled base and let set in fridge."
"Beat butter with wooden spoon until light.  Beat in cherry juice and food coloring.  Gradually beat in sugar and add cherries .  Spread over chilled base and let set in fridge."
"Beat butter with wooden spoon until light.  Beat in custard powder and milk.  Gradually beat in sugar, add peppermint flavoring and food coloring.  Spread over chilled base and let set in fridge."
"Beat butter with wooden spoon until light.  Beat in instant coffee and vanilla.  Gradually beat in sugar.  Spread over chilled base and let set in fridge."
"Beat butter with wooden spoon until light.  Beat in custard powder and Irish Cream.  Gradually beat in sugar.  Spread over chilled base and let set in fridge."
"Sift together flour, soda, salt, nutmeg, cinnamon and cloves.  Melt shortening in saucepan large enough for mixing dough.  Add sugar, molasses and eggs and mix well.  Gradually stir in 3/4 of the flour mixture.  Work in remaining flour mixture by hand.  Divide dough into thirds for easier handling.
Roll dough out on parchment paper to about 1/8 to 1/4 inch thick and cut with desired shape cookie cutters.
Bake for 9 to 12 minutes or until done."
"Sift together flour and icing sugar.   Cut in butter till mixture clings together.  Press into a 13 x 9 inch pan and bake for 20 - 25 minutes or until lightly browned.  While crust is baking prepare topping by beating eggs together with the sugar and lemon juice.  Sift flour and baking powder together and stir into egg mixture. Pour topping over baked crust and bake for an additional 25 minutes.  Cool completely - sprinkle with icing sugar and cut into squares."
"Butter 9 inch square baking pan.  Beat sugar and eggs in large bowl until slightly thickened, about 2 minutes.  Beat in melted butter and almond extract.  Add flour and stir until well blended.  Stir in cranberries and nuts.  Pour batter into prepared pan.  Bake until tester inserted into center comes out clean.  Transfer to rack to cool.  Dust with powdered sugar before serving"
"Stir together oats, flour, sugar, baking powder and almond extract.  Cut in butter with pastry blender until mixture becomes coarse.  Very firmly press 3 cups oat mixture into greased 9 inch square pan.  Spread with preserves leaving a 1/4 inch margin along sides.  Sprinkle with remaining crumbs.  Bake 25 - 30 minutes or until lightly browned.  Cool before cutting."
"Cake:
Grease and flour bundt or tube pan.  Spread 2 cups chopped walnuts on bottom of pan.  Pour batter on top and bake for about one hour.  While cake is still warm prick all over with fork and pour glaze over all.

Glaze:

Mix until sugar is dissolved.  Boil for 5 minutes.  Pour slowly over cake."
"Spray a 10 x 15 inch rimmed cookie sheet with non-stick spray.  Combine flour, soda, salt and cinnamon.  Set aside.  Cream butter, then add sugar and mix until fluffy.  Add eggs and  vanilla and beat well.  Gradually add flour mixture.  Stir in oatmeal and butterscotch chips.  Spread in prepared pan and bake for 20 - 25 minutes."
"In a medium saucepan, cover apricots with water and boil for 10 minutes, drain and cool.  When cooled, chop and set aside.
Sift together 2 cups four and 1/2 cup sugar.  Cut in the margarine.  Press in the bottom of a greased 13 x 9 x 2 inch baking dish and bake for 25 minutes.  Combine the brown sugar, eggs and vanilla.  Sift together the remaining flour, baking powder and salt.  Add to the sugar/egg mixture and mix well.  Add the apricots and pecan pieces.  Spread this mixture over the baked crust.  Bake for 35 minutes.  Cool several hours.  Cut into squares and sprinkle with icing sugar.  These freeze very well."
"Combine first  7 ingredients and mix well.  Grease a jelly roll pan and sprinkle with icing sugar.  Pour batter into the pan.  Pooch almonds into batter.  Bake 15 - 20 minutes or until golden brown."
"Melt 3 squares chocolate with shortening over warm water, cool slightly.  Blend together eggs, sugar, vanilla and salt; stir in chocolate  mixture, then flour.  Fold in walnuts.  Turn into well greased 8 inch square pan.  Bake for 40 minutes.  Spoon preserves over hot brownies; spread carefully.   Let cool.  Spread Velvet Chocolate Glaze over brownies.

Glaze:
Melt 1 square chocolate.  Blend in butter and corn syrup.  Stir in powdered sugar, milk and vanilla, mix well."
"Place golf ball sized cookies 2" apart on ungreased cookie sheet.  Bake for 6 minutes."
"In a shallow medium dish, blend soy sauce, honey, vegetable oil, lime juice and garlic. Place chicken breast halves into the mixture. Marinate in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes.  Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.  Place marinated chicken on the prepared grill. Cook 6 to 8 minutes on each side, until meat is no longer pink and juices run clear."
"Sift the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda together and set aside.  Cream the butter with the sugar until light and fluffy.  Beat in the eggs and vanilla.  Mix in the mashed bananas.  Add the flour mixture and stir until just combined.  Stir in the chocolate chips.  Drop by spoonfuls onto greased cookie sheet.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes."
"Grease cookie sheet.  In a large bowl, cream together the butter, white sugar and brown sugar until smooth.  Beat in the eggs, one at a time, then stir in the vanilla.  Combine the flour, baking soda and salt, stir into the creamed mixture until well blended.  Finally, stir in the chocolate chips, coconut and almonds.  Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheet.  Bake for 8 to 10 minutes.  Allow cookies to cool on baking sheet for 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely."
"In a medium bowl, cream together butter, icing sugar and orange juice, mix in coconut.  Wrap coconut mixture around each cherry to cover completely.  Store in refrigerator in a lightly covered container until ready to serve."
"In a medium sized saucepan, melt chocolate chips in sweetened condensed milk over medium-low heat.  Stir in vanilla and salt.  Pour chocolate mixture into ungreased 10 inch square pan.   Chill several hours until set.  Cut into squares"
"Grease jelly roll pan.   Combine sugar, milk, vanilla and butter in large, heavy saucepan.  Bring to a boil, stirring occasionally.  Boil for 2 minutes.  Remove from heat and add marshmallows, semi-sweet chocolate chips, milk chocolate chips and unsweetened chocolate.  Stir until melted and smooth.  Stir in nuts.  Mix well.  Pour into prepared pan.  Let fudge sit at least 24 hours before cutting into squares.  Refrigerate for easier cutting."
"Cream together first 5 ingredients.  Add the remaining ingredients and mix well.  Fold in gumdrops.  Drop by teaspoonfuls onto cookie sheet.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or just until golden brown."
"Blend the condensed milk and vanilla in a bowl.  Add the icing sugar a little at a time, blending each time until smooth.  Stir in the coconut.  You should have a firm mixture.  Pat the mixture into a greased 9 x 13 inch pan and chill until firm.  Place the chocolate chips in a microwave-safe bowl and heat on high 1 minute at a time, stirring after each minute, until melted.  Remove the pan from the refrigerator and cut the coconut mixture into 1 x 2 inch bars.  Set each bar on a fork and dip into the chocolate, completely coating the bar.  Let excess drip off, then set on waxed paper.  Repeat for each bar.  Bars will take several hours to air dry.  If you are in hurry you can refrigerate the bars for about 30 minutes."
"Cook noodles in a large pot of boiling water until done.  Rinse under cold water and drain.  Mix tuna, onion, pepper, celery garlic powder, mayonnaise, salt and pepper and mustard together in a large bowl.  Add pasta and mix well"
"Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.  Add macaroni and cook 8 to 10 minutes or until done, drain.  In a large saucepan, brown the ground beef with the onion, green pepper and mushrooms, drain.  Add corn, peas, stewed and crushed tomatoes, tomato  paste, tomato sauce and water.  Stir and bring to boil over medium heat.  Mix in garlic, parmesan cheese, parsley, salt, pepper, sugar and simmer for 20 to 25 minutes.  Mix together cooked macaroni and meat sauce."
"In a lightly greased 9 x 13 inch baking dish, combine all ingredients.  Mix well and make sure mixture is spread evenly in the dish.  Bake for 45 minutes."
"In a non-stick skillet, saut  degrees  the chicken and the onion until the chicken is completely cooked and onion is tender.  In a medium bowl blend the melted butter, water and stuffing mix.   In a 2 quart casserole dish layer half of the chicken, all of the stuffing, then the rest of the chicken.  Mix the 1/4 cup of water with the soup and pour over all in the casserole dish. Top with the cheese and bake uncovered for 30 minutes."
"In a large pot, boil the chicken until tender.  In a large bowl combine the chicken pieces with the water chestnuts, onion, soup, most of the crushed cornflakes and mayonnaise.  Mix well.  Pour mixture into a 9 x 13 inch baking dish.  Sprinkle the rest of the crushed cornflakes on top of the  mixture.  Bake for 1 hour."
"In a large mixing bowl, combine the ground beef, green pepper, green onion, mushrooms and saltine crackers.  Stir in the eggs and the beef with onion soup mix, mix thoroughly.  Press mixture into a 9 x 13 inch baking dish.  In a small mixing bowl, whisk together the ketchup, yellow mustard and brown sugar.  Mix thoroughly and pour over the meat mixture, spreading evenly.  Bake for 1 hour."
"In a large skillet, brown beef in oil over medium high heat until redness is gone.  Drain off fat.  In a large mixing bowl combine the onion , tomato sauce, cabbage, rice and salt.  Add meat and mix all together.  Pour mixture into a 9 x 13 baking dish.  Pour broth over meat mixture and bake, covered, for 1 hour.  Stir, replace cover and bake for another 30 minutes."
"Lightly grease a 2 quart baking dish.  In a large skillet over medium high heat stir and cook ground beef, onion and celery until juices run clear.  Drain.  Pour mixture into baking dish with vegetable soup and thyme, stir well.  Spread mashed potatoes on top.  Bake 20 minutes.  Sprinkle shredded cheese on top and bake5 minutes more, or until cheese has melted."
"Bring large pot of lightly salted water to a boil.  Add pasta and cook 8 to 10 minutes or until done, drain.  Steam broccoli with 2 tablespoons water in microwave for 6 - 7 minutes.  In 10 inch skillet, heat olive oil and butter over low heat.  Stir in garlic and red pepper slices, saut  degrees  gently.  Drain broccoli and add to skillet.  Sprinkle lightly with garlic salt and saut  degrees  broccoli and peppers until soft.  Toss vegetable mixture with hot pasta.  Sprinkle with cheese."
"Prepare rhubarb and place in 6 x 10 dish, sprinkle with cinnamon and salt.  In bowl combine flour, sugar and cut in margarine until crumbly , add almonds or walnuts.  Sprinkle crumb mixture over rhubarb.  Bake for 35 minutes or until golden brown with rhubarb soft and cooked.  Serve with whipped cream or ice cream"
"Fry bacon in a Dutch oven until crisp; remove bacon, reserving 2 tablespoons drippings. Crumble bacon and set aside.  Saut  degrees  onion in reserved drippings until tender; add potatoes and water.  Cover and simmer 15 to 20 minutes or until potatoes are tender.  Stir in milk, corn, red and green peppers, salt and pepper to taste; continue to cook, stirring frequently, until heated through.  Sprinkle with crumbled bacon to serve."
"Stir together milk, sour cream, pie filling and almond extract for 2 minutes.  Pour filling into baked pie shell.  Chill for 10 minutes.  Arrange peach slices in a nice pattern over custard in pie shell.  In a pot place reserved peach juice and corn starch.  Bring to a boil and cook for 2 minutes.  Remove from heat, and add lemon juice.  Pour glaze over peaches.  Chill until set."
"Cream shortening with sugars.  Mix in beaten eggs.  Sift together flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon; mix into creamed mixture.  Stir in nuts and vanilla.  Make rolls about 2 inches in diameter.  Refrigerate overnight.  Slice about 3/8 inch thick and place on greased cookie sheet.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes"
"Combine burger mixture ingredients.  Form six 4" patties by pressing each between pieces of waxed paper.  Brown patties in skillet in small amount of fat.  Make sauce.

Sauce:
Add water to pineapple syrup to make 1 cup.  In saucepan mix syrup with cornstarch, vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce.  Cook, stirring until thick and clear.

Pour excess fat off burgers in skillet, cover with the sauce.  Add pineapple chunks and green pepper.  Cover, simmer over low heat 15 minutes."
"In large bowl, stir together sugar, corn starch and cinnamon, add apple slices and toss until coated.  Turn into pastry shell.  In small bowl, combine flour, brown sugar and cinnamon.  With two knives cut in cold butter until coarse  crumble form.  Sprinkle evenly  over apples.  Bake for 15 minutes on 425  degrees  then reduce heat to 350  degrees  and bake 30 to 40 minutes."
"In large bowl, combine rhubarb and strawberries.  In small bowl, mix sugar, cornstarch and cinnamon.  Add fruit, toss to coat well.  Spread evenly in 8 or 9 inch square baking dish sprayed with cooking spray.  In small bowl, combine oats, flour and brown sugar.  Add margarine, stir until crumbly.  Sprinkle evenly over filling.  Bake for 35 to 45 minutes or until bubbling throughout."
"In casserole dish, combine onion, carrot, celery and butter.  Cover, microwave at high 5 - 7 minutes or until vegetables are just tender.  Stir in chicken, soup and water.  Cover; microwave at medium 4 minutes, stirring once, until heated through.  Stir in peas.  Cover, microwave at medium 2 minutes.  Let stand, covered, 2 minutes.  Serve over rice or pasta."
"On a foil lined baking sheet, arrange wings in a single layer.  Bake in 450  degrees  oven for 10 minutes.  Remove wings from oven; increase temperature to 475  degrees .  Drain excess fat from wings; in a small bowl, combine remaining ingredients; drizzle evenly over wings.  Bake 25 minutes, turning and basting occasionally until wings are golden and glazed."
"Mix cheese, crumbs and pepper.  Dip fish in egg; coat with cheese mixture.  Place in greased shallow baking dish.  Bake for 5 to 10 minutes or until fish flakes easily with fork."
"Mix cheese, crumbs and pepper.  Dip chicken in egg; coat with cheese mixture.  Place in greased shallow baking dish.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until chicken is cooked through."
"Cook rotini 9 minutes or until tender.  Drain and rinse in cool water, drain well.  Combine cooked rotini with remaining ingredients; toss until well combined.  Cover and let stand 30 minutes to blend flavours.  Toss gently before serving."
"Cook fusilli 7 minutes or until tender.  Drain and rinse in cool water; drain well.  Combine cooked fusilli with remaining ingredients, toss until well combined.  Cover and let stand 30 minutes to blend flavours.  Toss gently before serving."
"Cook fusilli 7 minutes or until tender.  Drain and rinse in cool water, drain well.  Combine cooked fusilli with remaining ingredients, toss until well combined.  Cover and let stand 30 minutes to blend flavors.  Toss gently before serving."
"Cook first 5 ingredients, stirring constantly over medium heat to a boil (mixture will be bubbling over).  Boil and stir 5 minutes more.  Remove from heat.  Stir in, until completely melted, chocolate chips.  Stir in walnuts and vanilla.   Spread in a buttered 8 inch square pan.  Cool and cut into squares."
"Cut vegetables in bite-size pieces and place in large bowl.  Combine remaining ingredients, mix well.  Pour over vegetables.  Toss well."
"Soak raisins in boiling water to cover for 5 minutes.  Drain.  Stir together the flours, baking soda, salt, spices, and cocoa.  In a large bowl, cream the  margarine with the sugar.  Beat in the eggs, then the applesauce.  Beat the flour mixture into the applesauce mixture.  Stir in the raisins and walnuts.  Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan.   Bake for 80 minutes or until it tests done.  Let cake cool on a rack, and then chill."
"Stir together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar in a large bowl.  Make a well in the center.  In a small bowl beat egg with a fork.  Stir in milk and oil. Pour all at once into the well in the flour mixture.  Mix quickly and lightly with a fork until  moistened, but do not beat.  The batter will be lumpy."
"Line muffin cups with paper bake cups.  In large mixer bowl, beat margarine, sugar, brown sugar, egg and vanilla until well blended.  Add applesauce, blend well.  In a separate bowl, stir together flour, cocoa, baking soda, and cinnamon, if desired.  Add to margarine mixture, blending well.  Stir in chocolate chips.  Fill muffin cups 3/4 full with batter.   Bake for 22 to 26 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean.  Cool slightly in pan on wire rack.  Sprinkle muffin tops with confectioners; sugar, if desired.  Serve warm"
"Lightly spray a jelly roll pan and line with parchment paper.  Sift flour with baking powder and salt and set aside.  In a large mixing bowl, beat the eggs on high for several minutes until they are very pale and fluffy.  Gradually add the sugar, beating 1 to 2 minutes more or until very thick.  Gently, but thoroughly, fold in the flour mixture.  Melt the chocolate in a small saucepan over low heat.  In a small bowl, combine the 2 tablespoons of water with the 2 tablespoons coffee liqueur and the remaining 2 tablespoons sugar and the baking soda, then gradually stir into the melted chocolate until smooth.  Quickly, but thoroughly, fold chocolate mixture into batter.  Pour batter into prepared pan.  Bake for 18 to 20 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Lightly sift an even layer of icing sugar over a cloth napkin or tea towel (do not use terry-cloth).  Flip the cake out of its pan onto the prepared cloth as soon as it comes from the oven.  Carefully peel away parchment paper.  Lightly dust top of cake with icing sugar, then trim away crisp edges.  Starting with one of  the short sides of the cake, immediately roll the cake up on the cloth, jelly roll style, and cool thoroughly on a rack.
For the filling and frosting:   In a small saucepan over low heat, melt the chocolate.  Remove from heat and let cool to lukewarm.  In a medium bowl, beat the cream cheese with the icing sugar until smooth, then blend in the vanilla and coffee liqueur.  Blend in the melted chocolate.  Unroll the cake and spread about 1/3 of the filling evenly over the surface.  Roll the cake back up.  Arrange cake roll on serving tray, then frost generously, swiping with an icing spatula to form the long bark line design.  Swipe ends of cake in a circular motion to simulate the tree-rings of a cut log.  Decorate log as desired with holly leaves and berries, mushrooms and snow."
"Defrost turkey 60 hours prior to roasting. Discard any giblets or neck from the turkey cavity.   Pre-heat oven to 425  degrees F.   Soak Craisins in a little boiling water for 20 minutes, drain. Prepare stuffing according to directions. Add craisins, bacon and cashews. Stuff turkey. Tie legs with string. Place in roasting dish. Brush with oil, season with salt and pepper.   Prevent legs, thighs and breast from drying out by covering with foil, then roast at 425  degrees F for 45 minutes.
Lower temperature to 350  degrees F, brush with a little more oil, roast for further 21/2 hours, basting every 30 minutes.

Note: A meat thermometer also helps determine when your turkey is done. When the thermometer reaches 165  degrees F in the centre of the stuffing, then dinner's ready!
Remove foil, baste again, continue roasting at 220  degrees F for 30 minutes, allowing skin to crisp and brown.
Test with skewer to ensure juices run clear. Remove from oven, let stand 15 minutes before carving.
Make the gravy per instructions. Serve with roasted vegetables, and a side dish of cranberry sauce."
"Combine all ingredients, mixing well.  Drop by teaspoonfuls one inch apart on well greased cookie sheet.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are slightly browned.  Using a moistened spatula - remove at once - from baking sheet.  Cool on cooling racks until firm.  Store in covered container.  After cooled these could be dipped in chocolate for a chocolate coating."
"Fry bacon in pan until almost done.  Add onions and celery, and saut  degrees  until lightly browned.  Transfer to a cooking pot.  Add cream corn, kernel corn, margarine and broth.  Add carrots and potatoes.  Cook for about 15 minutes.  Mix together flour and a little water to form a paste.   Add milk and flour paste.  You might want to add more flour paste, depending on how thick you want the chowder.  Simmer for 30 minutes or until you are ready to eat.  Add salt and pepper to taste."
"Grease a 13 x 9 - inch  baking dish. In a large bowl, thoroughly combine flour and sugar. Cut in margarine using a pastry blender or two knives until mixture is crumbly. Add egg and almond extract; mix until thoroughly combined.  Set aside 1 cup of flour mixture for topping. Press remaining flour mixture into prepared baking dish. Evenly spread raspberry jam over dough. Thoroughly combine reserved flour mixture, chocolate chips and almonds. Evenly spoon topping over raspberry jam and press with the back of a spoon. Bake 40 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool in pan and rack."
"Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and baking soda into a large bowl.  Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly.  Add eggs, orange peel and orange juice all at once;  stir just until mixture is evenly moist.  Fold in raisins and cranberries.  Spoon into a greased loaf pan.  Bake for 1 hour and 10 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in centre comes out clean.  Remove from pan; cool on a wire rack."
"In large bowl, combine crumbs, nuts and coconut.  Add sweetened condensed milk and rum; mix well.  Chill 4 hours or overnight.  Dip palms of hands in icing sugar.  Shape by teaspoon into 1 inch balls, roll in icing sugar (rechill if mixture becomes too soft).  Cover and store in refrigerator.  If desired, reroll in icing sugar before serving.   The flavour of these candies improves after 24 hours.  They may be made ahead and stored in refrigerator for several weeks."
"In 13x9-inch baking pan, melt margarine in oven. Sprinkle crumbs evenly over margarine; top with apples.   In heavy saucepan, over medium heat, melt chips with Eagle Brand  degrees . Pour butterscotch mixture evenly over apples.   Top with coconut and nuts; press down firmly. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Cut into squares. Garnish as desired. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Mix above ingredients together and roll into small balls. Melt package Baker's Chocolate Chips.  Put a bit of parowax in and roll balls in.  Lay on cookie sheet."
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate chips with sweetened milk and margarine; remove from heat.  In large bowl, combine nuts and marshmallows, fold in chocolate mixture.  Spread in wax paper line 13 x 9 inch pan.  Chill 2 hours or until firm.  Remove from pan, peel off wax paper and cut into squares.  Cover and store at room temperature."
"Grease loaf pan.  Line with foil and grease again.  Combine candied fruit, raisins, nuts in bowl.  Add 1/2 cup flour and mix well to coat and separate fruit.  Cream sugars and margarine together thoroughly.  Add eggs one at a time and beat well after each addition.  Add extract and rum.  Gradually add coffee and applesauce.  Mixture will look curdled.  Combine flour with salt, baking soda and spices.  Add to creamed mixture and mix just until mixture is well dampened.  Add floured fruits and nuts.  Mix well with wooden spoon.  Spread batter evenly in prepared pan.  Bake for 2.5 hours or until toothpick inserted in centre comes out clean.  Remove from oven  lift out cake and cool on rack.  When thoroughly cooled, wrap in foil and keep in refrigerator.  Allow to ripen several weeks for best flavour."
"Cook spaghetti as directed on package, adding broccoli during last 6 minutes of cooking time.  Drain.  Microwave cheese sauce as directed on label.  Pour over spaghetti and broccoli.  Toss until thoroughly coated."
"In a bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt; cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. In a bowl, whisk eggs and 3/4 cup milk; add to dry ingredients just until moistened. Turn onto a lightly floured surface; gently knead in the blueberries.  Divide the dough in half. Pat each portion into an 8-in. circle; cut each into 8 wedges. Place on greased baking sheets. Brush with remaining milk. Bake at 375  degrees  for 15-20 minutes or until tops are golden brown. Serve warm."
"Grease one loaf pan.  In a large bowl beat eggs until fluffy.  Add sugar and oil.  Beat to blend.  Stir in milk, vanilla and carrot.  In another bowl, combine flour, baking powder, soda, cinnamon, salt, coconut, cherries, raisins and nuts.  Mix well to combine evenly.  Pour all at once over batter.  Stir to moisten.  Turn into greased loaf pan.  Bake for 1 hour until it tests done.   Cool 10 minutes.  Remove from pan.  Cool and wrap."
"Grease loaf pan.  Cream butter and sugar together.  Beat in eggs one at a time.  Beat smooth.  Stir in milk, vanilla and almond flavoring.  In large bowl combine flour, baking powder and salt.  Stir in fruit, raisins and nuts.  Add all at once to first bowl.  Stir only to moisten.  Turn into loaf pan and bake 1 hour or until it tests done.  Let stand 10 minutes. Remove from pan.  Cool. Wrap."
"Prepare dinner as directed on package.  Cook and stir onion and red pepper in 2 tablespoons margarine in small skillet on medium-high heat until tender.  Add to dinner.  Stir in crabmeat, peas and mayo.  Spoon into 1 1/2 quart casserole, cover.  Bake for 15 minutes.  Melt remaining 2 tablespoons butter.  Stir in crumbs and onion salt.  Uncover casserole; top with crumb mixture.  Continue baking uncovered, 5 to 10 minutes or until golden brown and thoroughly heated."
"In a large saucepan combine, sugar, milk and butter and boil for 1 minute.  Take off heat and add peanut butter, oats, cocoa, vanilla and raisins.  Stir well.  Drop by teaspoon on wax paper.  Let sit one hour."
"In a large bowl, combine the confectioners' sugar, coconut, almonds and milk. Shape into 1-in. balls. Refrigerate until firm, about 20 minutes.  In a microwave, melt semisweet chips and shortening on high for about 1 minute; stir. Microwave at additional 10- to 20-second intervals, stirring until smooth.  Dip balls in chocolate; allow excess to drip off. Coat or garnish with ingredients of your choice. Place on waxed paper; let stand until set. Store in an airtight container."
"Grease one loaf pan.  Cream butter and sugar together until fluffy.  Beat in eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Stir in vanilla, orange rind and juice.  In another bowl, put flour, baking powder, salt and nutmeg. Stir in grated chocolate and nuts.  Pour into first bowl. Stir all together until moistened.  Spoon into loaf pan.  Bake for 1 hour and 15 minutes until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.  Let stand 10 minutes.  Remove loaf from pan to cool on cake rack.  Wrap"
"Mix flour and white sugar in medium bowl.  Cut in 1/2 cup margarine until  mixture resembles coarse crumbs.   Press firmly into bottom of greased 9 inch baking pan.   Bake for 20 minutes or until very lightly browned.  Mix egg, syrup, brown sugar, 1 tablespoon melted butter and vanilla until well blended.  Stir in cereal until well coated.  Spread evenly over warm crust.  Bake an additional  20 - 25 minutes or until topping is firm around edges and slightly soft in center.  Cool on wire rack.  Cut into squares"
"Beat butter in large bowl with electric mixer on medium speed to soften.  Gradually add icing sugar and salt, beating until light and fluffy.  Beat in vanilla.  Stir in flour and cereal.  Shape dough into 1 inch balls.  Place on ungreased cookie sheets.  Make an indentation in center of each ball.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown.  Remove from cookie sheets.  Cool on wire racks.  Fill indentation with jam.  Sprinkle with additional icing sugar, if desired."
"Grease loaf pan.  In a large bowl, cream butter or margarine and sugar together.  Add eggs, and continue mixing until light and fluffy.  Add baking soda, salt and vanilla, mix thoroughly.  Alternately add buttermilk and flour to the creamed mixture, mixing only enough to hold ingredients together.  Fold in cherries and nuts, mixing lightly.  Turn batter into prepared pan.  Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, or until bread tests done.   Cool completely before slicing."
"In a large bowl, mix together flour, salt, baking powder and dill.  Add beer, milk and eggs; mix well.  Place fish fillets in batter mixture, coat well and let stand for 15 minutes.  Heat deep fryer to 375  degrees .  Place fish in hot oil and fry until golden brown.  Cook fish in batches to maintain oil temperature.  Serve"
""
"Cream butter and sugar together.  Beat in eggs one at a time.  Add vanilla.  Mix in remaining ingredients.  Drop by spoonfuls onto greased cookie sheet.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes."
"Beat margarine, sugar and peanut butter until light and fluffy.  Add eggs and mix well. Stir in bananas.  Combine flour and baking powder.  Add to bananas mixture mixing well. Drop by tablespoon onto lightly greased baking sheet.  Bake 12 to 15 minutes.  Cool on wire rack."
"Prepare whipped topping mix as directed on package, using large mixing bowl.  Add remaining 1 3/4 cups milk and pudding mix.  Blend then beat at high speed for 2 minutes scrapping bowl occasionally.  Spoon into pie shell.  Chill at least 4 hours."
"In small bowl combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt;  set aside.  In large bowl combine margarine, brown sugar, eggs and water, beat until creamy.   Gradually add flour mixture.  Stir in oats and butterscotch chips and orange extract.  Drop by slightly rounded tablespoonfuls onto greased cookie sheet.  Bake 10 to 12 minutes."
"Brown off the ground beef.  Saut  degrees  onions and celery.  Boil and mash potatoes.  Place ground beef in the bottom of the pan, spread a layer of cream corn on top.  Pipe mashed potatoes over creamed corn.  Baste with butter.   Bake until golden brown."
"In a medium bowl, stir together flour, baking powder, baking soda and cornstarch.  In a large bowl, beat together eggs and milk.   Mix in beer.  Stir in flour mixture.  Season to taste with salt, pepper and garlic powder.  In an electric deep fryer or a heavy saucepan heat oil to 375  degrees .  Coat fish in batter and submerge in hot oil.  Fry until golden brown, about 4 to 5 minutes."
"Position rack 4" from heat source; preheat broiler.  In small bowl combine brown sugar, mustard, rum and cloves.  Place ham on rack set in broiler pan.  Brush 1/2 sugar mixture over ham; broil ham, turning once and glazing with remaining sugar mixture, until browned, about 2 minutes per side.  Transfer to serving platter.  Garnish with lettuce and parsley, if desired."
"Coat 9 inch square baking pan with nonstick cooking spray.  Combine flour, baking powder and salt.  In bowl combine apples, walnuts, 1 tablespoon sugar and cinnamon.  In another bowl with mixer at medium high speed beat butter with remaining sugar until smooth, about 3 minutes.  Beat in eggs, one at a time, until combined; beat in vanilla.  Beat in flour mixture alternately with milk.  Stir in apple mixture.  Pour batter into pan.  Bake about 45 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean and cake pulls away from sides of pan.  Cool in pan on rack at least 15 minutes; sprinkle with icing sugar, if desired.  Serve warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream."
"Butter 8 inch square baking dish.  In pot over medium high heat combine milk, flour, salt and pepper; cook, whisking constantly, until thickened, about 5 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Add cheese; mix until cheese melts.  In baking dish layer 1/3 of potatoes.  Top with 1/3 of onions, carrots and milk mixture.  Repeat layering with remaining potatoes, onions, carrots and milk mixture.  Dot with butter; cover with foil.  Bake 30 minutes.  Remove foil; bake until lightly browned about 15 more minutes."
"In baking dish combine peaches and blueberries.  In small bowl, combine sugar, flour and cinnamon; add to fruit and toss to mix.

Topping:  Combine rolled oats, sugar and cinnamon; with pastry blender or 2 knives cut in margarine until crumbly.  Sprinkle over top of fruit mixture.  Bake for 25 minutes or microwave on high for 10 minutes or until mixture is bubbling and fruit is fairly tender.  Serve warm or cold."
"In large bowl combine 1/2 cup flour, white sugar, 1/3 cup brown sugar, lemon peel and 1/2 teaspoon cinnamon.  Stir in strawberries and rhubarb.  Set aside for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally, to let juices develop.  Spoon filling into crust. Place pie on foil lined jellyroll pan.  Bake for 50 minutes or until hot and bubbly.  Meanwhile, in bowl with fork stir together remaining flour, brown sugar and cinnamon with butter until crumbly.  Using fingers, press mixture together to form large crumbs.  Remove pie from oven.  Place crumbs on top of hot pie leaving 1/2 inch  border between crumbs and crust.  Continue baking 30 minutes or until crumbs are golden brown.  Cool on rack. About 1 hour.  Serve warm or room temperature topped with ice cream, if desired."
"In large nonstick skillet or wok, heat oil over medium high heat.  Add onion and carrot; stir-fry until onion is softened.  Add sweet pepper, cabbage, bean sprouts and snow peas; stir-fry for 3 to 5 minutes or until tender crisp, adding 1 tablespoon water at a time if necessary to prevent scorching.  Stir in rice, soy sauce and eggs; stir fry for 2 to 3 minutes until eggs are set.  Sprinkle with sesame seeds or almonds"
"In bowl, toss apples with lemon juice.  In another bowl, combine sugar, flour, lemon rind, cinnamon and nutmeg; sprinkle over apples and stir until apples are well coated.   Spoon into pie shell.

Topping:  In bowl, combine brown sugar, rolled oats, flour and cinnamon.  With two knives cut in margarine until mixture is crumbly, sprinkle over filling.  Bake for 40 minutes or until top is golden and apples are tender."
"In bowl, combine sugar, flour, cinnamon and orange rind.  Add rhubarb and strawberries; toss to mix.  Spread mixture in shallow glass baking dish; bake for 10 minutes.
Topping:  In large bowl, mix flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt.  Using fingers or two knives, cut in margarine until mixture is size of small peas.  With fork, stir in buttermilk until mixture is moistened and soft dough forms.  Drop by spoonfuls in 6 evenly spaced mounds on hot fruit.  Bake for 25 minutes or until top is golden."
"In bowl combine sugar, flour and lemon rind, mix well.  Add rhubarb and apple; stir to mix.  Spoon into 8 cup baking dish.

Topping:  In bowl, combine sugar, rolled oats, flour and cinnamon.  Add melted margarine and stir to mix; sprinkle over filling.  Bake for 40 to 50 minutes until filling is bubbly and topping is brown.  Serve warm or at room temperature."
"In large skillet saut  degrees  chicken in oil until no longer pink, set aside.  In same skillet, cook onion, peppers and garlic until tender.  Drain.  Stir in chili and stewed tomatoes.  Add rice and pepper sauce.  Arrange chicken on top of mixture.  Simmer 10 minutes.  Top with cheese"
"Slice beef across the grain into thin strips.  In skillet, in 1 tablespoon oil, cook beef until browned, stirring often.  Remove.  In remaining 1 tablespoon hot oil, cook broccoli and onion with garlic powder until tender crisp, stirring often.  Add soup, water and soy.  Heat to boiling. Return beef to skillet.  Heat through, stirring occasionally.  Serve over rice."
"In 4 quart saucepan, prepare macaroni according to package directions.  Add carrots, broccoli and pepper for last 5 minutes of cooking time.  Drain.  In saucepan, combine remaining ingredients.  Over low heat, heat until cheese melts, stirring often.  Add macaroni and vegetables.  Heat through, stirring occasionally."
"In a shallow dish or bowl, mix together cracker crumbs and seasoning. Put egg substitute in a separate dish or bowl. Dip each chicken breast in the egg substitute, then coat with cracker mixture. Set aside.  In a large skillet saute bell peppers, onion and garlic in butter or margarine over medium heat, until just crisp and tender. Remove pepper mixture from skillet and set aside, keeping warm.
In the same skillet, saute coated chicken breasts in remaining butter or margarine until browned on both sides. Remove browned chicken breasts from skillet and keep warm.  Combine the chicken broth and flour and mix together. Pour broth mixture into pan drippings and heat through until mixture thickens and begins to boil. Stir in bell pepper mixture and heat through, stirring together. If desired, serve by placing chicken breast on a bed of hot cooked pasta and pouring bell pepper mixture over the top."
"Heat oil in large skillet on medium high heat.  Add chicken, onion and pepper, cook and stir until chicken is cooked through.  Add corn, broth and salsa, bring to boil.  Stir in rice; cover.  Remove from heat.  Let stand 5 minutes.  Fluff with fork.  Sprinkle with cheese; cover.  Let stand 2 minutes or until cheese melts."
"In saucepan, over low heat, melt semi sweet chocolate chips with 2/3 cup Eagle Brand Milk, 1 tablespoon cream and 1 teaspoon vanilla.  Remove from heat; stir in 1/2 cup walnuts.  Spread evenly into foil lined 9 inch square pan.  In another saucepan, over low heat, melt milk chocolate chips with remaining Eagle Brand Milk, 1 tablespoon cream and 1 teaspoon vanilla.  Remove from heat; stir in remaining walnuts.  Spread over fudge in pan. Chill two hours or until firm.  Turn fudge onto cutting board, peel off foil and cut into squares.  Store loosely covered at room temperature"
"Mix stuffing crumbs, seasonings and margarine in a lightly greased 9 inch quiche dish or pie plate.  Spread over bottom of dish.  Sprinkle peas, chopped peppers, ham and cheese evenly over crumbs.  Beat milk and eggs together until well blended.  Pour slowly over mixture in dish.  Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until set.  Let stand for 10 minutes before serving."
"Using a large mixing bowl, beat eggs until very light and lemon color.  Gradually beat in sugar, salt and vanilla.  Stir in milk using larger container if necessary.  Add liquor.  Refrigerate for 24 hours before serving.  To serve, run through blender to foam up.  To store for a few days, keep covered in refrigerator.  Strength may be adjusted by adding more or less liquor or more or less milk. Garnish with nutmeg"
"Pour cider and ginger ale into punch bowl, add enough grenadine to make a light pink color.  Serve with ice cubes in each glass."
"In mixing bowl, cream the butter and sugar, add egg and vanilla, beat until fluffy.  Add flour, mix well.  Stir in cherries and pecans.  Chill for 1 hour.  Shape dough into 3 - 10 inch rolls, wrap in plastic wrap and place in a freezer bag.  Freeze up to 2 months or until ready to bake.  To bake, cut frozen rolls into 1/8" slices. Place on ungreased baking sheets.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are golden brown.  Cool on wire rack."
"Combine crumbs, flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg.  Set aside.  Cream margarine and sugar until light and fluffy.  Beat in eggs one at a time.  Blend in vanilla and pumpkin.  Mix well.  Add dry ingredients to pumpkin mixture alternately with buttermilk.  Fold in nuts. Spread evenly in greased 13 x 9 inch baking pan.  Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until done.  Cool in pan on rack.  Frost with Cream Cheese Frosting."
"Cream cheese with sugar until smooth.  Add vanilla and enough milk to make it spreadable.  Spread on cooled cake.  Chill until ready to serve."
"Base:  Combine baking crumbs, coconut, pecan pieces and melted margarine.  Press into 9 inch square pan.
Filling:  Cream butter, sugar and vanilla.  Add custard powder and milk.  Pour over base and refrigerate until firm.
Topping:   Melt chocolate with butter and spread over top.  Refrigerate until set.  Cut into bars and serve."
"Mix chopped rhubarb and blueberries together in a large saucepan.  Blend sugar and cornstarch together and stir into the fruit mixture.  Stir in 1/4 cup cold water.  Place on medium heat and bring to a boil, then reduce heat to low and cook until juices flow and fruit is soft.  Pour into the casserole dish.  In a large bowl, combine flour, baking powder, 1 tablespoon sugar and salt.  Blend well.  Cut in  margarine with a pastry cutter until  mixture is a coarse texture.  In another bowl blend milk and well beaten egg.  Make a hole in the centre of the flour mixture and add milk and egg mixture and stir until flour is moistened.   Drop dough by spoon fuls onto the fruit mixture.  Sprinkle with brown sugar evenly.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes.  Serve with a tablespoon of whipping cream over each serving."
"Place blueberries and rhubarb into a large saucepan.  Add sugar and water.  Place on heat and let cook on medium heat until fruit is soft.  Stir in tapioca and turn heat down to low.  Cover and cook for another 8 to 9 minutes, stirring frequently.  Stir in nutmeg and cinnamon and cook for another minute.  Remove from heat and serve warm over scoops of vanilla ice-cream or over a piece of an angel food or white cake."
"Mix cream cheese and sugar with electric mixer on medium speed until well blended.  Gently stir in whipped topping.  Spoon into crust.  Top with pie filling.  Refrigerate 3 hours or until ready to serve."
"Line bottom of  8 inch square pan with graham wafers, cutting to fit pan.  Melt 1/2 cup Chipits over hot water; cool.  Cream margarine and blend in icing sugar and egg until light and fluffy.  Divide mixture in half; add melted Chipits to one part and green food colouring to the other part.  Spread chocolate mixture gently over wafers.  Then spread green mixture over chocolate layer.  Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup Chipits evenly over surface and press down gently.  Chill until firm.  Cut into squares"
"Soften yeast in water.  Combine the other ingredients.  Allow this to stand in a warm place until it is so light that it falls at the slightest touch.  Add 1 egg, 1/2 teaspoon nutmeg and 2 to 2 1/2 cups flour.  Knead.  The dough should be softer than bread dough.  Cover and set in a warm place to rise.  Roll 3/4 inch thick and cut with cutter and let rise.  Fry in deep fat.  Fry with raised side down.  Fill with jam"
"Crush strawberries 1 layer at a time; measure 2 cups.  Combine with pineapple, lemon juice and then stir in sugar.  Set aside.  Mix water with powdered fruit pectin and bring to a boil; boil hard 1 minute, stirring constantly.  Stir into fruit mixture and continue stirring 3 minutes.  Quickly ladle into sterilized jars, wipe rims and cover.  Let stand at room temperature until set; then store in freezer or refrigerator if using within three weeks."
"In medium saucepan combine sugar, cornstarch and salt.  Blend together egg yolks and milk.  Stir small amount of milk mixture into dry ingredients, making a smooth paste.  Gradually blend in remaining milk mixture.  Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly until mixture thickens and boils.  Boil, stirring constantly, 1 minute.  Remove from heat.  Stir in vanilla.  Cool quickly by setting pan in bowl of ice or cold water and stirring for a few minutes.  Set aside about 1/4 cup strawberry slices for garnish.  Arrange remaining strawberry slices in pie shell.  Pour half of the custard mixture over strawberries.  Top with banana slices.  Cover with  remaining custard mixture.  Cover and refrigerate until thoroughly chilled.  Before serving, top pie with reserved strawberry slices.  Garnish with whipped cream, if desired."
"Crush strawberries, 1 layer at a time.  Stir in spices, butter and powdered fruit pectin.  Measure sugar, set aside.  Over high heat, stirring constantly, bring strawberries to a full rolling boil.  Immediately stir in all sugar.  Again, stirring constantly, bring to a full boil and boil hard 1 minute.  Remove from heat, stir 5 minutes to cool and prevent floating fruit.  Fill sterilized jars.  Process in boiling water bath 5 minutes; begin timing when water begins to boil."
"Mix first 4 ingredients; pat into 13 x 9 inch baking dish.  Beat eggs, margarine, icing sugar and vanilla at medium speed 5 minutes; pour over crumb layer.  Next, layer bananas, pineapple and then strawberries.  Cover with coconut.   Chill.  Top with shipped cream, pecans and cherries."
"Blend flour, 1 cup sugar and salt.  Cut in margarine to form fine crumbs.  Using fingers, mix in 1 lightly beaten egg to form dough.  Dust fingers with flour.  Press dough evenly on bottom of lightly greased 15 x 10 inch pan.  Spread with jam.  Cream softened margarine and remaining sugar.  Beat in remaining eggs, one at a time.  Beat mixture until light and creamy.  Add coconut.  Spread evenly over jam.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes.  Cool then cut into squares."
"Bring strawberries and water to boiling point; remove from heat.  Mix 1/2 cup sugar and cornstarch; gradually stir into strawberries.  Cook over medium-low heat until thickened and clear.  Cool.  Spread rhubarb over crust bottom.  Sprinkle with 1 cup sugar and dot with margarine.  Cover with strawberry  mixture.  Then cover with top crust; make slits.  Bake at 450  degrees   for 10 minutes then reduce heat to 350  degrees  and bake for an additional 30 to 40 minutes"
"Sift sugar and cornstarch two times.  Mash 2 cups berries; heat over medium heat, stirring, just to boiling point.  Remove from heat; gradually stir in sugar mixture.  Return to heat and cook over medium low heat, stirring constantly, until thickened and clear.  Cool.  Place remaining berries, points up, in pie shell, cover with glaze; chill.  Serve with whipped cream."
"Crush strawberries, one layer at a time. Dice rhubarb; add 1/4 cup water; cover and simmer 2 minutes until tender.  Combine strawberries, rhubarb and sugar.  Heat, stirring constantly.  Add margarine just as mixture begins to boil.  Bring to a full rolling boil; continue stirring and boil hard 1 minute.  Remove from heat; immediately stir in liquid fruit pectin.  Skim foam with metal spoon.  Quickly fill warm sterilized jars to within 1/2 inch of top.  Wipe rims and cover."
"Mix graham cracker crumbs, flour and baking powder.  Beat sweetened condensed milk and margarine until smooth.  Add crumb mixture.  Mix well.  Stir in raisins, coconut and walnuts.  Drop by tablespoons onto lightly greased cookie sheets.  Bake 9 to 10 minutes or until lightly browned.  Cool 2 to 3 minutes.  Remove from cookie sheets."
"Generously grease and flour two 9 inch round cake pans.  Cream butter, shortening, sugar and vanilla until fluffy; blend in eggs.  Combine cocoa, flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in bowl; add alternately with milk to batter.  Blend well.  Pour into pans and bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until done.  Cool 10 minutes; remove from pans."
"Generously grease and flour a 12 cup Bundt pan.  Using an electric mixer blend oil and brown sugar.  Add eggs and beat well.  In a separate bowl, mix lightly by hand the dry ingredients.  Add half the dry ingredients, half the milk and vanilla to egg mixture.  Mix until blended.  Add remaining flour and milk and mix until blended.   (Do not over mix)  Fold in nut, apples, cranberries and raisins.  Pour batter into prepared pan.  Bake 70 to 75 minutes.  Cool 15 minutes in pan, remove cake to wire rack.  Cool completely.  For icing, combine icing sugar, butter and lemon juice.  Drizzle over cooked cake.  Garnish with additional cranberries and nuts if desired."
"Combine flour and salt.  Stir well.   Mix 1/2 cup flour mixture with cherries.  Cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Add remaining 1 1/2 cups flour gradually.  Stir in extract and floured cherries, mixing until well blended.  Spread mixture in greased loaf pan.  Bake for 90 to 100 minutes or until done."
"In a large bowl, combine the ground beef, bread crumbs, egg, garlic powder and Worcestershire sauce. Mix well, and place into a 9x5 inch loaf pan.  Bake for 30 to 50 minutes.  Meanwhile, in a separate medium bowl, stir together the ketchup, brown sugar and pineapple preserves. Pour over the meatloaf about 20 minutes before removing from oven."
"Saut  degrees  green pepper and onion in butter.  Blend in soup and milk.  Add ham and macaroni.  Pour into casserole dish.  Top with crumbs and bake 15 minutes."
"Brown meat in a large fry pan; drain.  Stir in barbecue sauce and water; bring to a boil.  Add macaroni, reduce heat to medium low and cover.  Cook 8 to 10 minutes or until macaroni is tender.  Stir in cheese whiz spread."
"Arrange prepared fruit in a 7 x 11 baking dish.  Combine sugar, oats, flour and seasonings with margarine until crumbly.  Spread mixture over fruit.  Bake for 40 to 50 minutes.  Serve with ice cream or whipped cream."
"Mix flour, sugars, nutmeg, salt and cinnamon.  Mix in margarine with a fork until coarse crumbs are formed.  Place peaches in 9 inch shallow baking pan.  Mix in lemon rind, juice and water.  Cover with crumb mixture, pat down so it sticks to fruit.  Cover and bake 15 minutes.  Uncover and bake for 30 minutes longer.  Serve warm with nutmeg flavored cream or vanilla ice cream."
"Beat cream cheese, sugar and lemon juice until blended and smooth.  Add chocolate, sour cream, eggs and vanilla.  Beat until well combined.   Pour batter into lightly greased 8 1/2 inch spring form pan; smooth top.  Bake at 450  degrees  for 10 minutes.  Reduce heat to 250  degrees  and bake 30 to 35 minutes longer.
For topping combine sugar and sour cream.  Spread over cheesecake; bake 5 minutes more.  Run sharp knife around sides; let cool completely before removing sides.  Refrigerate overnight, at least five hours.  Garnish with strawberries and kiwi or fruit sauce."
"In large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. With a pastry blender or two knives cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  In separate bowl, combine egg, buttermilk and vanilla. Using fork, stir into dry ingredients to form a soft dough.  Gather into ball.  Turn out onto  lightly floured surface; knead lightly 10 times. With lightly floured hands, pat dough in 1/2 in thick  round.  Using 2 1/2 in. cookie cutter, cut dough into   rounds, gathering scraps together until dough is all used up.  Fold over double and place on lightly greased baking sheet.  Bake 12 to 15 minutesor  until golden brown and risen.  Let cool on wire racks.  Serve warm."
"Put all ingredients in a pot and mix well.  Bring to a boil over medium heat, let cool and brush over meat.  Store remaining sauce in the refrigerator."
"Blend pudding and pie filling mix with corn syrup.  Gradually stir in evaporated milk and egg.  Add pecans.  Pour into pie shell.  Bake until top is firm and just begins to crack about 40 minutes.  Cool 4 hours or more.  Serve decorated with whipped topping and pecan halves."
"Prepare pie crust as directed on package.  Melt 4 cups marshmallows with orange and lemon juice in double boiler, stir until smooth.  Chill until slightly thickened, mix until well blended.   Fold in cream, peaches and remaining marshmallows.  Pour into prepared shell.  Chill.  Garnish with peach slices"
"Cook linguine 8 minutes or until tender.  In saucepan heat oil; cook onion and mushrooms until tender.  Add asparagus and past sauce; simmer 3 to 4 minutes.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.  Toss linguine with sauce and serve topped with cheese and parsley."
"Combine in buttered casserole dish, dot with bits of butter or a couple of diced bacon slices.  Bake for 1.5 hours"
"Mix together, put in a 9 x 13 inch pan.  Bake 40 to 45 minutes."
"Combine first two ingredients, beat eggs one at a time, stir in pumpkin.  Combine remaining ingredients.  Stir to  mix, pour into creamed mixture, stir just until moistened.  Spoon into greased loaf pan.  Bake for 1 hour or until done.  Cool 10 minutes, turn loaf onto rack."
"Mix all ingredients together well and pour into greased loaf pan.  Bake for 45 to 50 minutes."
"Bring butter, sugar and milk to a full rolling boil in heavy 4-quart saucepan, stirring constantly. Boil 5 minutes on medium heat, stirring constantly to prevent scorching.  Remove from heat. Gradually stir in chocolate chunks until melted. Add remaining ingredients; beat until well blended.  Pour into greased 13x9-inch pan. Cool; cut into squares."
"In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar.  Add eggs, mix well.  Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt, add to creamed mixture alternately with sour cream.  Add extract.  Spoon a third of the batter into a greased 9 inch square baking pan  Top with a third of the cranberry sauce.  Repeat layers twice.  Sprinkle with walnuts.  Bake for 55 to 60 minutes or until done.  If desired, combine glaze ingredients and drizzle over cake."
"In mixing bowl, cream margarine and sugar.  Add eggs, sour cream and extract; mix well.  Combine flour, baking powder and salt; add to creamed mixture and mix well.  Spread half of the batter in a greased and floured tube pan.  Sprinkle with half of the almonds.  Spread half of the preserves to within 1/2 inch of the edges.  Cover with remaining batter.  Spoon remaining preserves over batter to within 1/2 inch of edges.  Sprinkle with remaining almonds.  Bake for 55 to 60 minutes or until done.  Cool in pan for 15 minutes.  Carefully invert onto a serving platter."
"In a mixing bowl blend margarine, sugars and flour, set aside 1/2 cup.  To the remaining butter mixture, add buttermilk, egg, baking soda and vanilla; mix well.   Pour into a greased and floured  13 x 9 inch baking pan. Combine chopped candy and pecans with the reserved butter mixture, sprinkle over coffee cake.  Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until done.  Cool on a wire rack."
"Place bread cubes in a greased 1 quart baking dish.  In a saucepan, heat milk, sugar, butter and salt over low heat just until butter melts.  In a bowl, beat eggs; whisk in warm milk mixture.  Stir in vanilla.  Pour over bread.  Place baking dish in a shallow pan of hot water.  Bake uncovered for 40 to 45 minutes or until a knife inserted 1 inch from the edge comes out clean.  For the lemon sauce, combine sugar, cornstarch and salt in a saucepan.  Stir in water and lemon peel; bring to a boil.  Cook and stir for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat, stir in butter, lemon juice and food coloring.  Serve warm or cold with the pudding.  Refrigerate leftovers."
"In a Dutch oven over medium heat, saut  degrees  garlic in oil for 1 minute.  Add the roast; brown on all sides.  Combine vinegar, tomato juice, ketchup, sugar, salt and pepper, pour over roast.  Cover and simmer for 2 hours.  Add carrots and onions; cover and cook for 1 hour or until meat and vegetables are tender.  Remove to a serving platter and keep warm.  Skim fat from pan juices.  Add water to juices to measure 3 cups.  Mix flour and cold water until smooth, stir into pan juices.  Bring to a boil and cook and stir for 2 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper.  Slice roast, serve with vegetables and gravy."
"In a mixing bowl, cream shortening and sugars.  Add eggs and vanilla.  Combine flour, baking soda and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture.  Stir in oats and nuts.  Chill for 30 minutes.  Shape into 1 1/2 inch balls, place 2 inches apart on greased baking sheet.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool on wire racks."
"Combine the chicken, macaroni, mushrooms, pimientos, peppers and onion.  In a large bowl, combine soups, cheese , milk, basil and lemon pepper, add to chicken mixture.  Pour about 12 cups each into four greased 13 x 9 inch baking pans.  Cover and refrigerate overnight.  Remove from refrigerator 30 minutes before baking.  Combine cornflakes and butter sprinkle over the casseroles.  Cover and bake 45 minutes.  Uncover and bake 15 to 20
 minutes longer or until bubbly."
"In a saucepan, combine the dates, sugar, water and butter. Simmer for 5 minutes, stirring occasionally or until dates are softened.  Remove from heat; stir in chocolate chips.  Beat eggs, milk and orange juice.  Combine flour, baking soda and salt; add to date mixture alternately with orange juice mixture, mixing well after each addition.  Stir in walnuts.  Pour into a greased 15 x 10 inch baking dish.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until done.  Cool.  Combine icing sugar, butter and orange peel and stir in milk until glaze reaches desired consistency.  Spread over bars."
"Place apples in a greased 11 x 7 inch baking dish.  Top with blueberries.  Mix brown sugar and 2 tablespoons flour and sprinkle over fruit.  Combine sugar, baking powder, salt, cinnamon, nutmeg and remaining flour.  Stir in egg with a fork until mixture is crumbly.  Sprinkle over fruit, drizzle with butter.  Bake for 55 to 60 minutes or until done.  Serve warm"
"Combine first four ingredients together. When yeast has risen, add the next 3 ingredients.  Mix and knead well.  Let rise until double in size, about 1 1/2 hours.  Punch down and let rise 10 minutes.  Form  into buns on greased cookie sheet and let rise one hour.  Bake for 20 minutes.  When baked, brush top with butter."
"Put first 5 ingredients in bowl.  Mix together well and shape into small balls.  Brown in fry pan with a little oil.  Remove to a 2 quart casserole dish.  In medium saucepan, combine pineapple, green peppers, soup, Soya sauce, sugar and pineapple juice.  Bring to a boil.  Stir cornstarch in vinegar.  Stir to make smooth.  Add to boiling mixture, stirring and cooking until thickened.  Pour over meatballs.  Cover.  Bake for 30 minutes."
"Cream shortening and brown sugar.  Add egg and vanilla.  Mix dry ingredients together and add to mixture.  Add nuts, raisins or chocolate chips.  Shape into 2 inch balls and put 3 inches apart on a greased cookie sheet.  Flatten to 1/2 inch thick.  Bake for 12 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool on sheet for a few minutes then transfer to rack to cool."
"Combine almonds, flour and margarine.  Press into 9 x 13 inch pan.  Bake for 20 minutes.  Cool.   Mix cream cheese and icing sugar together until creamy, then spread on cooled base.   Beat together vanilla pudding with milk.  Let stand 2 minutes, then spread on top of cream cheese layer.  Beat together chocolate pudding and milk.  Let stand 2 minutes, spread over vanilla layer.  Let stand 15 minutes.  Top with cool whip."
"In mixing bowl, cream together butter, peanut butter, brown sugar and white sugar.  Beat in egg.  Stir in flour until well blended.  Refrigerate dough for 20 minutes or until firm.  Roll into 1 inch balls.  Flatten slightly.  Place 2 inches apart on baking sheet.  With finger or end of wooden spoon press round indentation in center of each cookie.  Bake for 10 minutes or until golden brown.  While still hot, fill each indentation with 1/4 teaspoon jam."
"Beat margarine, brown sugar, egg and vanilla; mix in flour and salt.  Press into greased 13 x 9 inch pan.  Bake 30 minutes or until edges are golden brown.  Remove from oven; immediately place chocolate pieces on top.  Cover with foil; let stand 5 minutes or until chocolate is softened.  Spread chocolate evenly over entire surface; sprinkle with coconut and almonds. Cut into squares while still warm."
"Blend cream cheese, ground almonds, icing sugar, powdered coffee and rum, mix well.  Add melted chocolate.  Roll mixture into 1 inch balls.  Chill mixture if too soft to handle.  Roll balls in coatings of your choice.  Coatings:  Chocolate sprinkles, toasted sliced almonds, icing sugar or toasted coconut."
"Heat oil in large nonstick skillet on medium high heat.  Add chicken, cover and cook 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through.  Remove from skillet.  Add water, barbecue sauce and corn to skillet.  Bring to boil.  Stir in rice.  Top with chicken, cover.  Cook on low heat 5 minutes."
"Brown meat in large skillet, drain.  Stir in penne pasta, spaghetti sauce and 1/2 cup parmesan cheese.  Spoon into 13 x 9 inch baking dish.  Top with shredded cheese and remaining 1/4 cup parmesan cheese.  Bake for 20 minutes."
"Bring water to boil in saucepan, stir in macaroni.  Reduce heat to medium low, cover with tight fitting lid.  Simmer 8 to 10 minutes or until macaroni is tender.  Add Velveeta, vegetables, tuna and milk.  Stir until Velveeta is melted and mixture is thoroughly heated."
"Mix salad dressing mix and cheese.  Moisten chicken with water, coat with mixture.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until cooked through."
"Mix cream cheese and milk with electric mixer on medium speed until smooth.  Blend in remaining ingredients.  Refrigerate.  Serve with assorted cut up vegetables, breadsticks or chips"
"Mix flour, baking powder and salt in large bowl.  Beat egg in small bowl; stir in milk, 1/3 cup brown sugar and 3 tablespoons oil.  Add to flour mixture; stir just until moistened.  (Batter will be lumpy).  Stir in 1 1/2 cups cereal and banana.  Spoon batter into either paper lined muffin pan or muffin pan which has been sprayed with a no stick cooking spary.  Fill each cup 2/3 full.  Mix 1/2 cup cereal, 1 tablespoon brown sugar and cinnamon.  Drizzle with 1 teaspoon oil; stir until crumbly.  Sprinkle evenly over muffins.  Bake 20 minutes or until lightly browned.  Serve warm."
"Mix all ingredients.  Over and refrigerate.  Serve with assorted cup up vegetables or chips"
"Prepare stuffing mix as directed on package; set aside.  Place chicken in 13 x 9 inch baking dish.  Mix soup and sour cream; pour over chicken.  Spoon stuffing evenly over top.  Bake for 35 minutes or until chicken is cooked through."
"Mix coconut, milk and vanilla in large bowl.  Drop by teaspoonfuls about 1 inch apart on well greased cookie sheet, pressing down ends of coconut with back of spoon.  Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.  Immediately remove from cookie sheet and cool on wire rack."
"Measure and sift dry ingredients together.  Beat eggs; add milk and mix well.  Add dry ingredients to liquid ingredients and stir gently until smooth.  Dip prepared pieces of fish in batter and deep fat fry."
"In a mixing bowl, sift together flour, baking powder, salt and sugar.  Stir in chopped apple.  Combine egg, milk and melted margarine.  Add liquid to dry ingredients, stirring just until moistened.  Do not over mix.  Spoon into greased muffin tins, filling 3/4 full.  Combine brown sugar, cinnamon and nutmeg; sprinkle on top of muffins.  Bake 15 to 20 minutes."
"Combine dry ingredients.  Add walnuts.  Cream margarine and sugar, beat in eggs, one at a time.  Add 1/2 flour mixture, then the pineapple and then the remaining flour.  Pour into 2 large loaf pans, lined and greased.  Bake for 50 to 60 minutes."
"Mix the sugar, peanut butter, margarine, walnuts, salt, vanilla and milk thoroughly.  Make into small balls placing date in center and roll in coconut.  Refrigerate"
"In a 3 quart saucepan, cook bacon until crisp, remove to paper towel to drain.  Saut  degrees  onion in drippings until tender. Add broth, water and potatoes, bring to a boil.  Reduce heat cover and simmer for 15 minutes or until potatoes are tender.  Add salt and pepper, mix well.  Add corn and 3/4 cup of milk.  Combine flour and remaining milk until smooth; add to soup.  Bring to a boil, cook and stir for 2 minutes.  Garnish with bacon and parsley if desired."
"In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and butter until smooth; stir in flour.  Cover and refrigerate dough for at least 1 hour.  Meanwhile, in a skillet or saucepan, over medium heat, saut  degrees  mushrooms and onion in margarine until tender.  Remove from heat.  Add cream cheese, salt, thyme and pepper; stir until cheese is melted.  Cool to room temperature.  On a floured surface, roll dough to 1/8 inch thickness.  Cut into 3 inch circles.  Combine egg and water; lightly brush edges of circles.  Place about 1 teaspoon of filling in centre of each circle.  Fold over; seal edges.  Brush with egg mixture.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown."
"In a large skillet, saut  degrees  onion and celery in margarine until tender.   Pour into a large bowl.  Add the next seven ingredients and mix well.  Stir in enough water until stuffing has reached desired moistness.  Just before baking, stuff the turkey.  Skewer openings; tie drumsticks together.  Place on a rack in a roasting pan.  Cover lightly with a tent of aluminum foil.  Bake for 4 hours.  Combine glaze ingredients.  Pour over turkey.  Bake and additional 1 - 1 1/2 hours, basting if needed, or until meat thermometer reads 185  degrees .  Remove all stuffing."
"Microwave semi sweet chocolate and 3/4 cup of milk in medium microwavable bowl on high 2 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring halfway through heating time.  Stir until chocolate is completely  melted.  Stir in vanilla and nuts.  Spread in foil lined 8 inch square pan.  Microwave white chocolate and remaining milk in medium microwavable bowl on high 1 1/2 minutes or until white chocolate is almost melted, stirring halfway through heating time.  Stir until white chocolate is completely melted.   Spread evenly over semi sweet chocolate layer.  Refrigerate 30 minutes.   Refrigerate 1 1/2 hours or until firm.  Cut into squares."
"Heat oil in large nonstick skillet on medium high heat.  Add chicken, cover and cook 4 minutes on each side or until cooked through.  Remove chicken from skillet.  Stir in soup, water and soy sauce.  Bring to boil.  Stir in rice and vegetables. Top with chicken, cover.  Cook on low heat 5 minutes."
"Combine carrot, celery and raisins in bowl.  Measure remaining ingredients into another bowl.  Mix.  Pour over vegetables and toss."
"Blend together with mixer.  Spread over a large dish.  Then spread medium salsa sauce over that and sprinkle shredded cheese on top (and chopped green pepper if desired).  Dip it up with Taco chips."
"Grease and flour a 9 x 13 inch pan.  In a large bowl mix sugar and melted margarine.  Add eggs, and beat well.  Mix in flour and vanilla.  Stir in fruit cocktail.  Pour batter into prepared pan.  Bake for 25 to 35 minutes or until done."
"Combine sugar and Crisco in large bowl.  Beat at medium speed until well blended.  Add eggs, syrup and vanilla, beat well.  Combine 3 cups flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt.  Add gradually to creamed mixture at low speed.  Mix until well blended.  Divide dough into quarters.  (If dough is too sticky/soft to roll, wrap each quarter of dough with plastic wrap and refrigerate 1 hour).  Spread 1 tablespoon flour on large sheet of waxed paper.  Place a quarter of dough on floured paper.  Flatten dough slightly, turn over and cover with another sheet of waxed paper.  Roll dough to 1/4 inch thickness.  Cut out with floured cutter.  Transfer to ungreased baking sheet two inches apart.  Sprinkle with decors, or leave plain to frost when cooked.  Bake 5 to 9 minutes .  Do not over bake.  Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet.  Remove to counter to cool completely, then frost if desired."
"Gradually add sugar to softened cream cheese, mixing well after each addition.  Add 1/2 cup coconut, vanilla and salt, mix well.  Chill.  Shape into 1 inch balls and roll in remaining coconut.  Chill several hours.  Keep stored in refrigerator until ready to serve."
"Combine crumbs and margarine, press onto bottom of 9 inch spring form pan.  Bake 10 minutes.  Remove from oven.  Increase temperature to 450  degrees .  Combine cream cheese, sugar and flour, mixing at medium speed  until well blended.  Blend in egg, one at a time, then sour cream and flavourings. Stir in cranberries.  Pour over crust.  Bake for 10 minutes.  Reduce oven temperature to 250  degrees  continue baking 40 minutes.  Run knife around cake. Allow to cool in pan.  Top with Cranberry Glaze

Cranberry Glaze:  Combine 1 cup cranberry juice and 1 tablespoon cornstarch in saucepan.  Cook until thickened.  Spoon a thin layer over top of cake; let stand 10 minutes then spoon remaining sauce over top, allowing some to dribble over sides.  Refrigerate several hours before serving"
"Melt chocolate and butterscotch chips with the milk over a warm burner.  Stir carefully so it doesn't burn.  When melted remove from heat, add nuts and vanilla.  Blend well.  Chill"
"In medium saucepot over medium high heat saut  degrees  bacon pieces until lightly browned.  Remove bacon drain and set aside.  To bacon drippings in pot add chopped onion and diced red pepper, cook 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently.   Stir in all purpose flour.  Gradually stir in milk, then cream corn, Worcestershire sauce and salt and pepper to taste.  Bring just to boiling over low heat; simmer 1 minute, stirring constantly.  Sprinkle chowder with reserved bacon pieces."
"Drain peach slices, reserving 1/2 cup syrup.  Place peach slices and reserved syrup into 11 x 7 inch baking dish.  In medium bowl combine rolled oats, flour, brown sugar, cinnamon and gingerroot; rub in softened margarine with finger tips or with a fork until crumbly.  In small bowl lightly beat egg with lemon juice.  Add to crumb mixture; stir until  moistened.  Evenly spoon over peaches.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes until lightly golden and bubbly around sides."
"Stir cake mix and cocoa, add remaining ingredients.  Beat at medium speed with electric mixer until blended.  Pour into greased and floured baking pan.  Bake 30 to 40 minutes or until done.  Cool and frost as desired."
"Beat eggs, sugars, dressing and vanilla at medium speed; add flour and baking soda.  Set aside 1 cup of the batter.  Spread remaining batter into lightly greased 13 x 9 inch pan.  Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned.  Cool 10 minutes.  Melt caramels with milk in heavy saucepan over low heat, stirring frequently until smooth.  Top crust with caramel mixture, sprinkle with chips and pecans.  Spoon reserved 1 cup batter by teaspoonfuls over pecans.  Continue baking 12 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool and cut into squares."
"Combine pudding mix and pineapple with juice in bowl; mix well.  Blend in yogurt.  Spoon into serving dishes.  Garnish with fruit if desired.  Ready to eat in 5 minutes."
"Combine all ingredients except herbs and onions in blender container or food processor bowl.  Cover and blend or process until smooth and creamy.  Stir in herbs and onions.  Let stand 1 hour to blend flavours."
"Mix sugar, corn syrup and peanuts together.  Microwave on high 8 to 10 minutes (until mixture is brown) stirring every 2 minutes.  Add rest of ingredients and mix well.  Pour into greased pizza pan and let cool.  Break into pieces."
"Place chicken, potatoes, carrots and onion in a large baking dish.  Drizzle dressing.  Cover with aluminum foil and bake for 1 hour, remove foil during last 10 minutes of baking.  Sprinkle with cheese."
"Combine in a baking dish broccoli, ham, cheese and croutons.  Mix together eggs, milk and dressing.  Pour over the ham mixture.  Refrigerate for 30 minutes or overnight.  Bake uncovered for 1 hour."
"Prepare rice substituting Catalina dressing for half the water.  Add a dash of Soya sauce.  Cook 5 minutes.  Stir in slices of cooked cubed chicken and vegetables."
"Stir fry strips of sirloin steak, broccoli and chopped red pepper in Zesty Italian Dressing until meat is cooked and vegetables are tender crisp.  Serve over prepared rice."
"Stir together equal amounts of Miracle Whip dressing and Parmesan Grated cheese.  Spread sauce over chicken and bake for 15 minutes or until done."
"Stir together equal amounts of Miracle Whip dressing and salsa and a dash of chili powder..  Spread sauce over chicken and bake for 15 minutes or until done."
"Stir together Miracle Whip dressing with a spoonful of mustard and tarragon..  Spread sauce over chicken and bake for 15 minutes or until done."
"Stir together Miracle Whip dressing with Soya sauce, ginger and pepper.  Spread sauce over chicken and bake for 15 minutes or until done."
"Saut  degrees  beef, green pepper, onion and garlic in butter until beef is lightly browned.  Add beef broth and simmer 1 to 2 minutes.  Combine cornstarch and sugar with Soya sauce and ginger.  Add to fry pan and cook over low heat, stirring constantly, until thickened.  Top mixture with tomato wedges, cover pan and simmer 2 to 3 minutes or until tomatoes are hot but still firm. Season to taste.  Serve with hot fluffy rice."
"Combine all marinade ingredients and blend well.  Place chicken in non metal shallow dish.  Pour  marinade over chicken.  Leave at room temperature for 2 hours or in the refrigerator over night.  Turn pieces occasionally.  Drain chicken and reserve marinade.  Place chicken on barbecue grill bone side down.  Grill slowly over gray coals for 35 to 40 minutes or until there is no trace of pinkness next to the bone; turn halfway through cooking time. Brush occasionally with reserved marinade."
"Combine all ingredients in blender.   Refrigerate in a covered glass container."
"Put in casserole dish and sprinkle with crushed cornflakes and margarine mixture and bake 30 minutes."
"Beat eggs, oil and sugar.  Sift flour, cinnamon, soda and salt.  Combine in egg mixture.  Add vanilla.  Add remainder of ingredients.  Stir well.  Bake for 50 minutes."
"Cook noodles, rinse, drain and set aside. In large saucepan, melt margarine, saut  degrees  onions and green peppers. Stir in soup, sour cream, ham, garlic powder and parsley. Simmer on low heat for couple of minutes.  Stir in noodles, 3/4 cup of each of the cheeses and salt and pepper.  Spray a 2 quart casserole with cooking spary and transfer noodle mixture into casserole.  Sprinkle remaining cheese on top.  Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until heated through and golden brown.    Cooked chicken or turkey can be used instead of ham."
"In a heavy saucepan, bring 2 cups milk, rice and raisins to a boil, reduce heat.  Cover, cook over very low heat till rice is tender, about 15 minutes.   Remove from heat, stir in margarine till melted.  In bowl combine 2 cups milk, eggs, sugar, vanilla and salt.  Gradually stir rice mixture into egg mixture.  Pour into a 10 x 6 dish.  Bake uncovered 50 minutes.  Stir, sprinkle with cinnamon.  Serve warm or chilled with cream."
"Remove ham from oven 30 minutes before it is cooked.  Mix all ingredients and heat until thickened.  Score fat and stud with cloves.  Spread glaze over ham.  Increase oven temperature to 350  degrees  and bake ham for the remaining 30 minutes, basting occasionally."
"Stir all ingredients together.  Marinate meat for two hours at room temperature or in the refrigerator overnight."
"In a frying pan, melt the butter.  Add the garlic, mushrooms and scallops.  Cook over medium heat for 3 to 4 minutes.  Stir in tomatoes and sherry.  Season with salt and pepper to taste and cook for a further 1 to 2 minutes."
"Combine cranberries and 1/4 cup of the sugar; set aside.  In large bowl combine remaining sugar, flour, baking powder, soda and salt.  Stir in cranberries. In bowl, beat egg with milk, oil and vanilla.  Add to dry ingredients all at once, stirring just until moistened.  Spoon into greased muffin tins, filling 3/4 full.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes."
"In saucepan over medium heat, melt butter; stir in sugar, cocoa and egg; cook, stirring for 30 seconds.  Stir in crumbs, coconut and walnuts.  Press into bottom of 9 inch square pan.  Stir together sweetened condensed milk and lemon juice until well blended.  Spread evenly over crumb base.  Drizzle with  melted chocolate.  Refrigerate until firm.  Cut into squares.  Store in refrigerator."
"Crust:
In large bowl, cream together margarine and icing sugar until fluffy.  Gradually stir in flour.  Press onto bottom of 13 x 9 inch baking pan.  Bake for 15 minutes or until lightly browned.  Reduce oven temperature to 325  degrees ..

Filling:
In large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Gradually beat in sweetened milk until smooth. Stir in lemon juice.  Pour over baked crust.  In small bowl, combine corn starch and brown sugar, mix well.  Stir in cranberry sauce.  Spoon evenly over cheese layer.

Topping:
In medium bowl, combine flour and brown sugar.  Cut in firm margarine until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Stir in nuts.  Sprinkle evenly over cranberry layer.  Bake 45 minutes or until bubbly and golden.  Serve warm or chilled.  Cover leftovers, refrigerate."
"Line 8 inch square pan with graham wafers.  Top with filling made by creaming the shortening, icing sugar, salt and yolk of egg and flavoring until light and fluffy.  Beat egg white until stiff and fold into first mixture.  Add coconut, cherries and marshmallows.  Spread evenly over crackers.  Sprinkle top with cracker crumbs or more cherries.  Put in refrigerator."
"Mix well, make in a roll in wax paper until cold enough to slice and bake until brown."
"Prepare base and press into baking dish.  Sprinkle on top of base, one layer at a time the coconut, chips and milk.  Sprinkle nuts over the top.  Bake for 30 minutes."
"Cream margarine and sugar.  Add cherries, coconut, rolled oats and vanilla.  Shape into balls.  Roll in chopped nuts.  Keep in fridge.  Will keep for several weeks.  Remove from fridge several hours before serving or margarine will be hard."
"Mix together margarine and icing sugar.  Sift together the flour and the cornstarch and mix in gradually in the margarine mixture.  Add the chocolate chips.  Shape dough into small balls of approximately 1/4 inch in diameter.  Put on a non greased cookie sheet and bake for 20 minutes."
"Cream together the margarine, sugars and peanut butter.  Add in the egg and the milk.  Sift together flour, salt and baking soda and stir in.  Stir in oats.  Add in the carrots and chocolate chips.  Drop by teaspoon onto cookie sheet and bake for 15 minutes"
"Melt margarine, put it in the bottom of a large casserole or 9 x 13 inch pan.  Slice peaches, and add enough sugar to sweeten.  Place in casserole dish.  In a mixing bowl, combine the 1 cup sugar, salt, baking powder, flour, cinnamon and milk.  Sprinkle over the peaches.  Bake for 45 minutes or until top is brown"
"Cream together margarine, sugar and eggs. Stir in vanilla, flour, baking soda and salt.  Roll out (not too thin) and cut into any shape.  Bake for 8 minutes.  Decorate as desired."
"Stir together flour, baking powder, salt and nuts.  In a large bowl, beat together margarine and 1 cup sugar.  Beat in eggs one at a time.  Stir in rind and 1/2 cup juice.  Pour in flour mixture and stir until moistened.   Turn into a greased loaf pan.  Bake for 1 hour, or until done.  Remove loaf from oven, but not from pan.  Combine 1/2 cup orange juice with 1/4 cup sugar in a small saucepan.  Heat and stir to dissolve sugar.  Spoon glaze over hot loaf.  Let stand in pan for 10 minutes before removing from loaf to rack to cool."
"Melt butter and 4 squares of unsweetened chocolate in a medium size saucepan over moderate heat.  Remove from heat.  Beat in sugar gradually with a wooden spoon until thoroughly combined. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition; stir in vanilla.  Stir in flour until thoroughly combined.  Stir in 1 cup of the walnuts.  Spread into greased 9 x 13 pan.  Combine remaining 1/2 cup walnuts with chocolate chips; sprinkle over top of brownie mixture, pressing down lightly.  Bake for 35 minutes or until done.  Cool completely in pan on wire rack.  Cut into squares"
"Grease and flour one 10 inch tube pan.  Combine cake mix and pudding mix.  In another bowl beat eggs, water, oil and rum until frothy.  Add cake/pudding mixture and beat until well mixed.  Spread pecans evenly over the bottom of the prepared pan and pour batter over pecans.  Bake for 60 minutes or until done.  Allow to cool in pan for 5 minutes and remove from pan.  Place in serving dish immediately, right side up (Pecans should be on the bottom).
To Make Glaze:  During the last 15 to 20 minutes of baking time, combine margarine, water and sugar in a sauce pan and bring to boil over high heat.  Reduce heat to medium and boil rapidly until it's very thick and syrupy stirring very frequently.  The syrup mist be reduced quite a bit and very thick otherwise it will make the cake mushy.  Remove from heat and add rum.  While cake is still hot, poke holes all over top of cake with a toothpick and spoon glaze over top of cake.  Allow cake to sit at room temperature for one day then refrigerate."
"Mix all ingredients.  Refrigerate several hours or overnight.  Serve on lettuce lined platter.  Garnish with halved lemon slices."
"In a large bowl, cream margarine, peanut butter and sugar until light and fluffy.  Beat in egg and vanilla.  Combine flour, baking soda, and salt; blend into creamed mixture.  Stir in 1 1/3 cups M & M's.  Shape dough into 1 1/4 inch balls.  Place about 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet.  Gently flatten to about 1/2 inch thick.  Place 7 or 8 of the remaining candies on each cookie; press lightly.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are light brown.  Do not over bake. Cool about 1 minute on cookie sheet; transfer cookies to wire racks to cool completely."
"In a small saucepan over medium heat, bring sugar, margarine and water to a boil.  Remove from heat; stir in chocolate chips until  melted. In a mixing bowl, beat eggs and vanilla.  Add chocolate mixture; mix well.  Combine flour, baking soda and salt; add to chocolate mixture.   Stir in walnuts.  Pour into a greased 9 inch pie plate.  Bake for 28 to 30 minutes or until done.  Cool on a wire rack.  For fudge sauce, heat chocolate chips, milk, sugar and margarine in a microwave or double boiler until chocolate and margarine are melted; stir until smooth.  Drizzle over pie.  Cut into wedges, serve with ice cream and additional sauce."
"Mix cream cheese, sugar, juice, peel and vanilla on medium speed until well blended.  Add eggs, mix until blended.  Pour into crust.  Bake for 40 minutes or until center is almost set.  Cool.  Refrigerate 3 hours or overnight.  Garnish with Cool Whip and lemon slices."
"In a large bowl, combine the ground beef, bread crumbs, salt, ground black pepper, eggs, onion flakes and 1/2 of the can of tomato sauce. Mix together well and place into a 5x9 inch loaf pan.  Push the meatloaf down into the pan forming a well for the sauce around all the edges.  Bake for 40 minutes.  Meanwhile, in a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the remaining tomato sauce, brown sugar, vinegar, white sugar and mustard. Bring to a boil and remove from heat.

6. After meatloaf has cooked for 40 minutes, remove from oven and pour sauce over the top of the meatloaf.

7. Return to oven and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 20 more minutes. Let sit 5 minutes before removing from pan."
"Mix berries in large bowl.  Pour into pastry shell.  Mix sugar and cornstarch in medium saucepan.  Gradually stir in water until smooth.  Stirring constantly, cook on medium heat until mixture comes to boil; boil 1 minute.  Remove from heat.  Stir in gelatin until completely dissolved.  Cool to room temperature.  Pour over berries in pastry shell.  Refrigerate 3 hours or until firm.  Spread whipped topping over pie before serving.  Store leftover pie in refrigerator."
"Mix juice, soy sauce, oil and salad dressing mix in small bowl as directed on envelope.  Heat large skillet on medium heat.  Cook meat in 1 tablespoon of dressing mixture 8 minutes or until cooked through.  Add vegetables and remaining dressing mixture; cook and stir until vegetables are tender crisp.  Serve over rice."
"Soften gelatin in cold water; set aside.  In a saucepan, combine sugar, cornstarch and salt.  Blend in the milk and egg yolks; cook over low heat, stirring constantly until thickened and  bubbly, about 20 to 25 minutes.  Remove from heat; stir in softened gelatin until dissolved.   Stir in butter and vanilla.  Cover the surface of custard  with plastic wrap and chill until no longer warm.  Slice 3 bananas, fold into custard and whipped cream.  Spoon into pie shell.  Chill until set, about 4 to 5 hours.  Shortly before serving time, place lemon juice in a small bowl and slice the remaining banana into it.  Melt the jelly in a saucepan over low heat.  Drain banana; pat dry and arrange on top of pie.  Brush banana with the jelly.  Sprinkle with grated lemon peel.  Serve immediately."
"In a large mixing bowl, dissolve yeast in 1/4 cup warm water.  Add 2 cups of flour, sugar, salt, milk, butter, egg and remaining water; beat on medium speed for 2 minutes.  Stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft dough.  Turn onto a floured board; knead until smooth and elastic. About 6 to 8 minutes.  Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top.  Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour.  Punch down.  Roll in butter.  Combine brown sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle over butter.  Let dough rest for 6 minutes.  Cut lengthwise into three 16 x 4 inch pieces.  Cut each strip into 16 4 x 1 inch pieces.  Twist and place on greased baking sheets.   Cover and let rise until doubled, about 30 minutes.  Bake for 15 minutes or until golden brown."
"In a saucepan, melt butter and chocolate.  Add sugar, cream, corn syrup and vanilla.  Bring to a boil, stirring constantly.  Boil for 1 1/2 minutes.  Remove from heat.  Serve warm or cold over ice cream or pound cake.  Refrigerate leftovers."
"Mix all ingredients and make into balls.  Press with fork and bake for 10 minutes."
"Blend all ingredients together with hands.  Roll into balls the size of large marbles and refrigerate.  Optional:  Roll balls in powdered cocoa, coconut or dip into chocolate fondue"
"Mix everything but the chocolate.  Spread in a 9 x 9 pan.  Melt chocolate chips over low heat until just melted.  Spread over the peanut butter stuff.  Cool in the fridge until it is solid.  Cut into squares."
"In a bowl, combine sugar, marshmallow cr  degrees me and vanilla.  Knead it until it's smooth.  Shape into six 4.5 x 1.25 inch logs.   Chill overnight.  Melt the caramels with the 3 tablespoons water until smooth.  Dip logs into caramel; roll in pecans.  Chill for 2 hours.  Cut into 1/3 inch slices"
"Combine all ingredients, except sugar, blend thoroughly.  Shape into small balls about 1 inch in diameter.  Roll in sugar.  Store in tightly covered container."
"Put chocolate chips and peanut butter into a microwave safe dish.  Microwave on high 1 to 2 minutes until chips have completely melted.  Add sweetened condensed milk, stir until mixture is of a uniform consistency.   Pour into 8 x 8 inch pan lined with wax paper.  Refrigerate until firm.  Cut into 1 inch pieces."
"Melt together 3/4 cups butter and peanut butter.  In large bowl, combine crushed graham crackers and icing sugar.  Mix in the melted butter/peanut butter.  Press into a 13 x 9 inch pan.  Melt together butter and chocolate chips.  Pour over the mixture in the pan.  Refrigerate."
"Mix butter, sugars and boiling water until smooth and well blended.  Add eggs and mix well.  Sift soda, salt and flour.  Add pecans.  Add dry ingredients to butter sugar mixture and mix well.  Divide dough into 4 portions.  Form each portion into a log about silver dollar size around.  Wrap each roll in plastic wrap.  Place rolls in heavy duty freezer bag.  Stores well up to 6 months in freezer. When ready to cook remove from freezer.  Unwrap and slice off the number of cookies needed, 1/4 inch thick each.  Bake on ungreased cookie sheet 6 to 10 minutes until edges brown."
"Beat all ingredients together for 2 to 5 minutes.  Pour into two greased loaf pans.  Bake until browned and toothpick comes out clean.  At least 1 hour 15 minutes.  Loosen sides and bottom edge with dull knife and turn out of pans.  Sprinkle with icing sugar"
"Chop dates and soak in boiling water and soda for 15 minutes.  Mix remaining ingredients in normal order.  Bake in loaf pan for 1.5 hours."
"Spray 6 muffin cups with no stick cooking spray.  Mix first 6 ingredients in a medium size bowl and set aside until flakes are soft.  Combine flour and baking soda in a small bowl.  Add yogurt mixture.  Mix until combined.  Immediately spoon into sprayed muffin cups.  Bake about 25 minutes until golden brown or until done."
"Spray a 1 1/2 quart baking dish with no stick cooking spray.  Combine cornstarch and a little milk in a medium size saucepan until smooth.  Add remaining ingredients except potatoes.  Cook over medium high heat, stirring constantly until smooth and thick.  Combine with parboiled potatoes in a baking dish.  Bake 35 to 40 minutes, until bubbly and browned on top."
"Grease and flour cake pans.  Combine all dry ingredients except cocoa in a large mixing bowl.  Add oil, buttermilk and eggs.  Mix thoroughly.  In separate bowl mix cocoa and hot water.  Stir until smooth.  Pour into mixing bowl with rest of ingredients.  Mixture will be very thin.  Pour into prepared pans.  Bake 25 minutes or until done."
"Combine and blend oil, sugar and eggs.  Sift dry ingredients.  Combine vanilla, buttermilk and bananas and add alternately to first mixture and dry ingredients.  Stir in nuts and coconut.  Bake 1 hour and 15 minutes or until done in a tube or Bundt greased pan."
"Sift dry ingredients into large mixing bowl.  Add shortening, buttermilk and mashed bananas.  Mix until all flour is dampened.  Beat at low speed 2 minutes.  Add eggs.  Beat 1 minute.  Turn batter into three 8 or 9 inch floured cake pans.  Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until done."
"Add all ingredients in the order suggested in your bread machine manual and process on the basic bread cycle according to the manufacturer's directions."
"In bread machine pan place the first 8 ingrediatns in order suggested by manufacturer. Saelect dough setting (check dough after 5 minutes; add 1 - 2 tablespoons water  or flour if needed),  When cycle is completed, turn dough onto a slightly floured surface,  Punch down, cover and let rest for 10 nubutes,  Divide into 24 pieces, shape each into a ball.  Place 12 balls each into 2 greased 8 inch baking pans,  cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled about 30 minutes.

For glaze:  Combine the sugar, butter, honey and egg whites.  Drizzle over dough, Bake 20-25 minutes or until golden brown.  Brush with additional honey. If desired,"
"Beat till well combined, colour, corn syrup, margarine and flavouring.  Add 2 cups icing sugar and beat well.  Stir in with spoon as much of remaining 2 cups icing sugar as needed.  Turn out on surface lightly covered with 1 cup icing sugar and knead enough to  make dough smooth.  Make into 3/4 inch balls.  Place 2 inches apart on cookie sheet lined with wax paper and flatten with fork dipped in icing sugar.   Let dry several hours."
"Heat milk with shortening and salt to scalding point. Remove from heat and add sugar and let cool to lukewarm.  Dissolve yeast in 1 cup warm water with a bit of sugar.  Beat yeast, milk and flour and let rise until double (about 1/2 hour).  Add eggs and remaining ingredients.  Knead and make into 2 inch balls and let rise until double.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until brown.  Glaze with corn syrup mixed with a little water and icing sugar and make crosses when cooled."
"Grease 9 x 13 inch pan.  Cream shortening, add sugar gradually.  Add 2 well beaten egg yolks.  Add molasses and stir.  Sift together flour, salt and spices.  Dissolve baking soda in boiling water.  Add baking soda and water mixture alternately with flour to the creamed mixture. Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites.  Bake for 45 minutes.  Serve hot with whipped cream."
"Mix 1/2 cup breadcrumbs with 1 tablespoon melted margarine, set aside.  Saut  degrees  onions and ham cubes in margarine till the onions are transparent.  Add mushrooms.  Add cheese whiz, milk, mustard and salt and pepper to taste, slowly cook until cheese whiz is thoroughly incorporated into mixture.  Combine all the above in a greased casserole dish and top with buttered bread crumbs.  Bake 30 to 45 minutes or until hot and top is browned."
"Brush chicken on all sides with  mayonnaise.  Place bread crumbs in large plastic food bag.  Add chicken 1 piece at a time; hake to soak well.  Arrange on rack in broiler pan or on foil lined baking sheet.  Bake for 40 to 45 minutes or until golden brown and tender.

Variation:  Reduce bread crumbs to 1 cup and mix in 1/4 cup grated Parmesan  cheese.  Substitute boneless chicken breast for chicken pieces."
"Put first 7 ingredients into bread machine, select manual or dough setting.  Press go.  While waiting for dough combine the last four ingredients  After the dough is ready (1 hour and 40 minutes) take it and place on a lightly floured surface, roll or pat into a 12 x 9 rectangle.  Melt 1/3 cup of butter.  Spread butter over the flattened dough and then sprinkle evenly the sugar and cinnamon mixture over the dough.  Starting with the short side roll up the dough and pinch edge to seal.  Cut into 12 slices and place in a 13 x 9 inch pan. Cover and let rise in a warm place until double in volume (about 45 minutes).  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes until light golden brown color.
For sticky buns:  Take the above and put into the pan before the cinnamon rolls."
"Select manual or dough setting and press go.  Add the fruit about 10 or 15 minutes later or it will disappear.  When the dough is ready pat out into a 12 x 9 inch rectangle and then break off into 12 little balls.  Place into the greased 13 x 9 inch pan and cover and let rise in a warm place until double in size (about 45 minutes).  Take the reserved egg white and add 1 teaspoon of water and mix well.  Brush the rolls and put into the oven and bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until light golden brown.  Take what is left of egg white/water mixture and add 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and some icing sugar till its thick.  Place in a small plastic bag and make your white crosses on the buns after they have cooled."
"Tie allspice and cinnamon in a cloth bag.  Simmer all ingredients 10 minutes. Serve"
"Mix corn starch, sugar, cocoa and butter.  Add boiling water. Stir well.  Cook over water until thick.  Add vanilla to mixture.  Add to egg yolks adding a few tablespoons at a time afterwards, return to stove and cook until thick."
"Heat raisins in extract with 1 tablespoon water.  Cream butter, sugar, egg yolks, vanilla and milk.  Add raisins, pecans and bread.  Bake in deep dish for 45 minutes.  Whip cold egg whites until fluffy.  Slowly add cream of tarter and sugar.  Mix in rum extract and whip until eggs are stiff.  Place egg whites over cooked custard and cook for about 5 minutes until meringue is golden brown."
"Cream the butter and sugars.  Add eggs and vanilla; mix together with flour, oatmeal, salt, baking powder and soda.  Add chocolate chips, Hershey bars  and nuts.  Roll into balls and place two inches apart on a cookie sheet.  Bake for 10 minutes."
"Combine filling ingredients in saucepan.  Cook over medium heat until thickened.  Reduce heat and cook 2 to 3 minutes more.  Cool.  Combine base ingredients.  Press into 8 x 8 inch pan, saving 1/4 cup of crumbs for topping.  Bake for 10 minutes.  Cool.  Mix together whipped cream and marshmallows.  Layer as follows:  Chilled rhubarb on wafer base, marshmallow and whipped cream mixture, instant pudding.  Sprinkle with remaining crumbs.  Chill"
"Cook and drain macaroni.  Mix soup, milk, salt, pepper and celery and with macaroni. Stir well.   Add cheese and franks.  Pour into greased casserole dish.   Sprinkle with bread crumbs and bake for 35 minutes."
"Place bread cubes in bottom greased casserole.  Add chopped ingredients, then eggs and milk.  Lay on top of 3 slices of bread.  Chill overnight.  Then pour over 1 can cream of mushroom soup, mixed with 1 can milk.  Sprinkle sharp cheese on top.  Bake for 1 hour 15 minutes.  Uncover the last 15 minutes."
"Fry hamburger and onions until done.  Add salt, pepper and cheese.  Put in casserole dish.  Put bread crumbs on top and rest of tomato sauce on top of bread crumbs.  Bake until heated thoroughly."
"Peel and slice thinly  potatoes.  Cook until almost done.  Drain.  Stir cottage cheese, sour cream, potatoes and onions gently together.  Add 1 cup cheese.  Mix again.  Sprinkle with garlic salt, salt and pepper.  Put in large casserole dish.  Sprinkle 1/2 cup cheese on top.  Sprinkle with paprika.  Bake for 40 minutes."
"Cook broccoli as directed on package.  Drain.  Combine soup, eggs, mayonnaise and cheese.  Mix well.  Add broccoli.   Pour into buttered casserole dish and bake until set."
"Pour milk over crackers, let stand 15 minutes.  Add other ingredients, including clam juice.  Pour into greased 2 quart casserole dish and bake for 1 hour."
"Cook macaroni according to directions.  Drain.  Place in buttered casserole dish.  Melt butter in double boiler.  Add flour, salt and pepper and blend.  Add milk slowly until sauce thickens.  Cut cheese into cubes, add to sauce.  Stir constantly until cheese has melted.  Pour cheese sauce over macaroni and top with bread crumbs.  Bake for 30 minutes"
"Cut ham into 8 pieces.  Combine soup, sour cream, salt and pepper.  In a greased 3 quart casserole, alternate layers of ham, potatoes and onion with sour cream mixture.  Top with cheese.  Cover dish.  Bake for 2.5 hours."
"Mix casserole ingredients and bake for 40 minutes.  Heat sauce slowly over medium stove.  Stir constantly until sauce is thickened.  Ladle sauce over individual casserole servings."
"Grease a 2 quart casserole dish.  Pour in creamed corn; blend in ham.  Spread mashed potatoes evenly over corn mixture.  Sprinkle cheese over top.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until casserole is completely heated and cheese is bubbly and lightly browned."
"Brown meat, season to taste.  Stir in combined pineapple syrup, barbecue sauce, vinegar and cornstarch.  Cover and simmer 35 minutes.  Add pineapple and green pepper and simmer 10 minutes more. Serve over rice."
"Heat oil, cook meat in oil for 5 minutes.  Stir in water, onion, garlic salt and ginger.  Heat to boiling. Reduce heat, cover and simmer 12 to 15 minutes for round steak/5 to 8 for sirloin.  Add green pepper during last 5 minutes.  Blend cornstarch, sugar and soy sauce, stir into meat mix.  Cook, stir constantly until mix thickens and boils.  Cut tomato into 8's and place on meat.  Cover and cook on low heat about 3 minutes or till tomatoes are hot.  Serve with rice.
Double almost everything for sauce for rice except oil and meat."
"Heat oil in fry pan and fry onions until golden.  In a small bowl mix the spices with the vinegar until they make a paste.  Add this mixture to the onions and stir.  Fry for a few minutes.  Add barbecue sauce, Worcestershire sauce and cut up tomatoes.  Add chicken legs or thighs and spoon sauce over them.  Cover and simmer about 1 hour until chicken is done.  Serve with rice."
"Wash and pare potatoes.  Cook until tender in a medium amount of boiling salted water or use leftover mashed potatoes.  Drain steam and mash potatoes.  Beat potatoes with milk and margarine until mixture is light and fluffy.  Melt fat in frying pan, add onion and meat and brown.  Drain off excess fat.  Add seasoning and flour.  Add tomatoes and cook until mixture is tender.  Pour  mixture into a greased casserole dish.  Top with mashed potato mixture.  Cover and bake for 25 minutes.  Remove cover and bake 10 minutes more or until top is golden brown."
"Brown spareribs and place in roasting pan.  Make barbecue sauce of remaining ingredients.  Pour half over meat, cover and baste for 2 to 3 times during baking.  Uncover during last 15 minutes of baking.  Keep remaining sauce hot and serve with spareribs.

Short ribs may be used instead of spareribs."
"Brown spareribs slowly in frying pan.  Remove spareribs and pour off all but 1 tablespoon dripping.  Stir flour into drippings, add beef broth and cook till thickened.  Add spareribs and remaining ingredients; cover and simmer 30 minutes."
"Partially cook bacon, drain fat saving 2 tablespoons.  In reserved fat cook until tender onion and minced garlic.   In a bowl combine remaining ingredients and add onion mixture and ground beef.  Divide beef mix into 4 parts.  Place 2 slices bacon side by side on waxed paper.  Cut another piece in half crosswise.  Place the half slice at one end of bacon slices, overlapping slightly.  Pat 1/4 of meat mix evenly over bacon.  Roll up jelly roll style. Place rolls seam side down on rack in a baking dish.  Bake for 40 minutes.   This makes a lot of smoke."
"Saute first four ingredients until well cooked.  Add cooked rice, Cream of Mushroom Soup, Cream of Chicken Soup, Bean Sprouts, water, soya sauce and mix well.  Place in 9 x 12 inch dish.  Put can crush chow mein noondles on top.  Bake for  35-45 minutes."
"Boil water in large saucepan and add oil and noodles.   Cook in frying pan onion and ground beef until brown.  Drain off fate and add salt, pepper, basil, parsley and tomato sauce.   Let simmer.  Drain water off noodles, run cold water over them, dry.  Mix together cheese, egg and parsley.  Grease pan and layer meat, lasagna, cheese.  Cook for 30 minutes."
"Beat until light and frothy eggs.  Add milk, sugar and salt and beat.   Dip bread into mixture and fry in frying pan."
"Heat milk, water and salt to just below boiling.  Remove from heat.   Stir in instant potato crystals with a fork. Beat until liquid is fully absorbed.  Add salmon, celery, onion, lemon juice and pepper.  Mix well.  Divide mixture into 8 heaping 1/3 cup portions and shape into 5 inch long bars.  Roll in cornflake crumbs.  Place on a buttered baking sheet.  Bake 15 minutes."
"Scald milk and add butter, let cool, add yeast cake, sugar, eggs, flour, nutmeg, salt and let rise.  Roll out and cut, let raise again.  Fry and glaze while hot."
"Line two 9" layer pans.  Sift flour once before measuring.  Sift together in large mixing bowl sugar, soda, baking powder, cocoa and salt.   Add shortening, milk and vanilla.  Beat on low medium speed 2 minutes.  Scrape beaters and sides of bowl.  Add 1/4 cup milk and eggs.  Beat on low medium for 2 minutes.  Pour into pans.  Bake for 35 minutes or until done.  Let cool 10 minutes on rack and remove from pan."
"Cream margarine and sugar well and add eggs (one at a time), salt, baking powder and flour alternately with water, milk and vanilla.   Beat well.  Bake for 1 3/4 hours"
"Mix well flour, oatmeal, sugar, soda, shortening and salt.  Put layer of crumbs in pan, pack well.  Put filling in and remainder of crumbs on top.  Filling:  Cook in double boiler until thick.  After putting in filling, cook for 30 minutes."
"Melt butter and all remaining ingredients.  Cool.  Beat slightly and add eggs.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes."
"Combine milk and salad oil, add to dry ingredients stirring until just moistened.  Drop from tablespoon on bubbling stew.  Cover tightly, bring to a boil, reduce heat.  Simmer 12 to 15 minutes or until done.  (Don't lift cover)"
"Blend together flour, sugar and salt.  With a pastry blender or two knives cut in until the consistency of coarse meal the margarine and shortening.  Beat slightly the egg.  With a fork, stir egg into flour mixture.  Wrap tightly in wax paper and chill."
"Line 8 tart or muffin tins with pastry.  Spoon a heaping teaspoon of jam into each.  Beat egg, add remaining ingredients and blend.  Spoon filling into tarts.  Bake at 425  degrees  for 10 minutes, reduce temperature to 350  degrees  and bake until filling is set, about 15 minutes."
"Beat egg whites with vanilla and cream of tartar until soft peaks form.  Gradually add sugar, beating until stiff peaks form and all the sugar is dissolved.  Spread atop pie, sealing to edge of pastry.  Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until meringue is golden.  Cool."
"In saucepan combine sugar, flour and salt.  Gradually add milk and chocolate squares. Cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture boils.  Cook 2 minutes longer.   Remove from heat.  Stir small amount of hot mixture into beaten egg yolks.  Immediately return hot mixture; cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat.  Add butter and vanilla.  Pour into cooled baked pastry shell.  Spread meringue atop pie and bake 12 to 15 minutes.  Cool"
"In saucepan combine, sugar, flour and salt.  Gradually add milk, mixing well.  Cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture boils.  Cook 2 minutes longer.  Remove from heat.  Stir small amount of hot mixture into beaten egg yolks and immediately return to hot mixture; cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and add butter, vanilla and coconut.  Pour into cooled baked pastry shell.  Top with meringue; sprinkle with 1/3 cup coconut.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes.  Cool."
"Slice 3 bananas into cooled and baked pastry shell.   In saucepan combine sugar, flour and salt.  Gradually add milk, mixing well.  Cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture boils.  Cook 2 minutes and remove from heat.   Stir small amount of hot mixture into beaten egg yolks.  Immediately return to hot mixture and cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat.  Add butter and vanilla.  Pour into pastry shell.  Spread meringue and bake for 12 to 15 minutes."
"In saucepan combine sugar, flour and salt.  Gradually add milk, mixing well. Cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture boils.  Cook 2 minutes longer and remove from heat.  Stir small amount of hot mixture into beaten egg yolks.  Immediately return hot mixture; cook 2 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat and add butter and vanilla.  Pour into pastry shell.  Spread meringue and bake for 12 to 15 minutes."
"Cream shortening, add sugar gradually.  Beat well.  Add eggs and molasses slowly.  Beat well, gradually add dry ingredients and boiling water quickly.  Do not over mix.  Immediately turn batter into greased  inch prepared pan.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes.  Serve with lemon sauce or whipped cream."
"Combine sugar, cornstarch, salt and lemon rind in saucepan.  Gradually add warm water, stirring constantly.  Cook over low heat for 5 minutes stirring constantly.  The sauce should be clear and slightly thickened.  Remove from heat and stir in butter and lemon juice."
"Mix together first 6 ingredients.  Line 9 x 9 inch pan with whole wafers.  Put filling over whole wafers.  Ice with butter icing.

Icing:  Cream butter.  Add icing sugar alternately with milk, until creamy.  Stir in rum."
"Mix first 4 ingredients and pack into 9 x 12 inch pan.  Brown in oven.  In top of double boiler combine, cherries, pineapple, sugar, cornstarch and vanilla.  Cook until thick and spread on baked crust.  Beat egg whites until very stiff and add white sugar beating again.  Spread egg mixture over second mixture and sprinkle with coconut and brown."
"Melt and cool first three ingredients.  Add marshmallows and pour into baking dish."
"Cream 1/4 cup butter, pudding mix, milk and icing sugar.  Spread over crumb mixture and chill.  Mix chocolate and butter and spread on chilled mixture.  Chill again and cut into squares."
"Cream sugar and cream cheese. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well, about 10 or 15 minutes. Add 1 1/2 teaspoons vanilla. Pour mixture into foil baking cups which have paper separators (about 3/4 full). Bake for 40 minutes.  Cheesecakes will rise, but will not brown. Take out of oven and cool for 5 minutes. A hole will form in center of each cheesecake. Combine sour cream, 1/2 cup sugar and 1/4 teaspoon vanilla and put about one or two teaspoons of topping into the hole that forms. Add 1 teaspoon of jelly on top of the topping. Return to oven and bake for another 5 minutes."
"Blend all ingredients. Use muffin papers to line muffin cups. Place vanilla wafer in bottom of each cup. Divide mixture to make 24 cheesecakes. Bake for 15 minutes.  When cool, top with choice of pie filling. (One can will do 24 cakes.)"
"Beat cream cheese, sugar, eggs, lemon juice and vanilla until light and fluffy. Line muffin tins with 24 cupcake papers. Place a vanilla wafer in the bottom of each. Fill cups two-thirds full with cheese mixture. Bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until set. Top each with one tablespoon
cranberry glaze. Chill."
"Combine graham cracker crumbs and butter. Press mixture firmly onto bottom and all the way up the sides of 4 fluted tart pans or 3/4-inch up the sides of 4 muffin cups. In a small mixer bowl or blender container combine the eggs, cottage cheese, sugar, flour, lemon peel and lemon juice. Beat on medium speed of an electric mixer until well combined. Divide cheese mixture evenly among crusts.  Bake for 15 to 18 minutes or until center appears set. Cool slightly. Cover with clear plastic wrap or  waxed paper. Chill at least 2 hours."
"In large bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in yogurt and vanilla until smooth and well blended. In chilled bowl, with chilled beaters, beat cream until stiff peaks form. Fold whipped cream into cream cheese mixture. Spoon 1/3 cup of the whipped cream mixture into each tart shell. Garnish with fruit. Chill until serving time."
"Sift flour and salt onto wax paper. Crumble almond paste thoroughly with fingers into a large bowl to eliminate any lumps before adding other ingredients. Add butter; mix with hands until thoroughly blended and smooth. Beat in sugar, eggs and vanilla with electric mixer on medium, until light and fluffy. Add flour mixture, 1/3 at a time, beating well after each addition. Wrap in plastic wrap; chill at least 1 hour.  Form cold dough into 1-inch balls. Press balls of dough
into very well greased tiny muffin pan cups (1 3/4 inches),  pressing against bottom and side with fingers to form cups, keeping dough slightly below rim (will rise some in baking).  Put 2 teaspoons Chocolate Cream Cheese Filling in each cup.  Top with candied cherry half if desired. Bake for 10  minutes or until firm and lightly golden around edge. Remove from oven; loosen with small knife; remove from pan to wire rack; cool.

Frosting:
Beat softened cream cheese and sugar in a medium size bowl until smooth and fluffy. Stir in eggs, vanilla and chocolate coating; blend well. Refrigerate until ready to use."
"Cream together cream cheese and 1 cup sugar. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Add vanilla. Pour into paper lined cupcake tins. Bake for 25 minutes. Remove from oven and let stand for 5 minutes. Mix sour cream and sugar by hand. Top each cake with one teaspoon of mixture. Return to oven for 5 minutes. When ready to serve, top with pie filling mixed with lemon juice."
"Place roast fat side up on rack in roasting pan without lid.  Rub with garlic cloves and sprinkle with pepper or use variations.  Insert meat thermometer into center of roast.  Add 1 1/2 cups water to pan and place roast in preheated oven 500  degrees .  After 30 minutes reduce oven temperature to 275  degrees .  Cook an additional 1 1/4 - 1 3/4 hours until medium done.

Barbecue Roast:  Combine 1/4 cup each strong coffee and barbecue sauce with 1 teaspoon minced garlic; brush on roast before and during roasting.

Teriyaki Roast:  Combine 1/4 cup each sherry and soy sauce with 1 tablespoon dry mustard; brush on roast before and during roasting.

Cranberry Roast:  Combine 1 can jellied cranberry sauce, 2 chopped green onions, 1/4 cup soy sauce, 1 teaspoon ginger.  Heat and spread on roast.  Reserve extra and serve heated with roast."
"Cook pasta according to package; drain.  Toss with remaining ingredients in a large bowl."
"Lightly brown beef in oiled skillet for 2 minutes.  Combine remaining ingredients, add to beef and mix thoroughly. Simmer for 20 minutes, covered."
"Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt, nutmeg and cinnmon.  Add carrots, cranberry sauce, sugar, oil and eggs; beat until well blended.  Pour into greased 9 x 9 pan.  Bake for 40 to 45 minutes.  When cool, combine icing sugar and cream and drizzle over the cake."
"In a large heavy saucepan, beat eggs and sugar until well blended.  Gradually stir in milk.  Cook over medium-low heat, stirring constantly until mixture is thick enough to coat a spoon, about 25 minutes.  Pour custard into a large bowl.  Stir in vanilla and brandy.  Chill bowl in ice water for a few minutes, stirring occasionally.  Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours or overnight.   To serve, beat whipping cream until soft peaks form.  Gently fold whipped cream into custard.  Sprinkle lightly with  nutmeg. Either keep eggnog refrigerated or place bowl on a bed of ice.  Serve within 2 hours"
"Cut eggs in half lengthwise.  Remove yolks.  With fork, mash yolks, add mayonnaise, dijonnaise, salt and pepper.  Divide amount in half.  To each half, add the ingredients for one of the variations above.  Refill whites with yolk mixture and garnish as directed.  Serve immediately or store, covered in refrigerator.  Use within 3 days."
"Cook past according to package directions.  Rinse under cold water.  Drain thoroughly and place in a large bowl.  If using dry packed tomatoes, soak in hot water 1 minutes, drain and past dry.  Chop tomatoes coarsely, add to past.  Add peppers, onion and parsley.  Combine ingredients for vinaigrette, in a screw top jar.  Shake well.  Toss pasta mixture with 1/4 cup vinaigrette.  Add eggs and toss carefully.  Cover tightly, refrigerate both salad and remaining vinaigrette at least 1 hour.   Just before serving, add cherry tomatoes, toss with remaining vinaigrette."
"In blender or food processor combine cheese, 3/4 cup sugar, 1/4 cup cornstarch, eggs and vanilla.  Drain one can of mandarin sections; add 1/2 cup syrup to cream cheese mixture.  Blend 1 minute or until smooth, scraping down sides once.  Chop drained mandarin sections, stir into filling.  Pour into crust.  Bake 50 to 60 minutes or until set.  Turn oven off, open door slightly and let cheesecake cool in the oven for 1 hour.  Remove to a wire rack and cool completely.  Remove sides of pan.  Drain remaining can of orange sections.  Add enough orange juice to syrup to make 1 cup of liquid.  In a small saucepan, combine 1/4 cup sugar, 4 teaspoon cornstarch and syrup and juice mixture.  Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly.  Simmer 2 minutes.  Spoon half of the mixture over top of cake.  Arrange orange sections on top a nd spoon remaining mixture on top.  Refrigerate at least 4 hours."
"Spray sides of an 8 1/2 inch spring form pan with cooking spray. Combine all ingredients.  Press on bottom of pan.  Refrigerate."
"Spray an 9 inch square pan with cooking spray.  In a  large saucepan, bring corn syrup and butter to a boil, stirring occasionally, remove from heat.  Add semi-sweet chocolate stir until melted.  Add sugar.  Stir in eggs, one at a time, then vanilla, flour and nuts.  Pour into pan.  Bake 30 to 35 minutes, or until done.   Cool completely on rack.  Prepare glaze; spread on top of brownies.  Drizzle with white chocolate.  Let stand until set.  Cut into squares.

Chocolate glaze:  In a small saucepan melt chocolate, margarine over low heat stirring often.  Remove from heat.  Stir in corn syrup and milk."
"Stir together all ingredients and chill."
"Stir ingredients together and chill."
"Stir together salad dressing, yogurt, cheese and garlic.  Chill.  Add cucumber just before serving; serve with cucumber sticks and cherry tomatoes."
"Arrange broccoli and chicken in 9 inch pie plate or 2 quart shallow baking dish.  Combine soup and milk; pour over broccoli and chicken.  Sprinkle mixture with cheese.  Mix bread crumbs with margarine and sprinkle over cheese layer.  Bake for 20 minutes or until heated through.  If desired, serve with rice."
"Heat half the oil at medium high in large skillet.  Add beef and stir fry until cooked through.  Reduce heat to medium.  Set beef aside.  Add remaining oil.  Add pepper and onion and cook  until tender crisp.  Stir in mixture of soup, orange juice, Soya sauce, vinegar and garlic powder.  Return beef to skillet.  Heat through, stirring occasionally.  Serve over rice."
"Heat oil at medium high in large skillet.  Add chicken and stir fry until cooked through.  Stir in mixture of soup, water, vegetables and basil, heat to a boil, stirring often.  Stir in pasta.  Cook at medium low heat, until pasta is tender, stirring often, about 15 minutes.  Serve with grated parmesan cheese if desired."
"Heat half of the oil in large skillet over medium high heat.  Add beef and brown until cooked through.  Set beef aside.  Reduce heat to medium.  Add remaining oil.  Add mushrooms and onion and stir fry until tender.  Stir in mixture of soup, water and mustard.  Heat to a boil.  Return beef to skillet and heat through.  Serve with rice if desired."
"Heat oil at medium high in large skillet.  Add chicken and cook until browned on both sides.  Set chicken aside.  Reduce heat to medium.  Add soup, paprika and red pepper strips to skillet.  Heat to a boil, stirring occasionally.  Return chicken to skillet; add broccoli.  Reduce heat to low.  Simmer, covered, until c chicken is cooked through, about 5 minutes.  Stir in sour cream and heat through.  Serve with noodles."
"Heat oil at medium high in large skillet.  Add pepper and celery and stir fry until tender crisp.  Reduce heat to medium.  Stir in mixture of soup and milk.  Add chicken, peas and pepper.  Heat through, stirring occasionally.  Serve over rice or pasta."
"Line a 9-in. square pan with foil; grease foil with 1 teaspoon butter. In a large heavy saucepan, cook and stir white chocolate over low heat until melted. Add milk and remaining butter; stir until blended. Remove from heat; stir in pecans and Kahlua.  Spread into prepared pan. Refrigerate, covered, 2 hours or until firm. Remove foil; cut fudge into 1-in. squares. Store between layers of waxed paper in an airtight container in the refrigerator."
"Heat oil at medium high in large skillet.  Add beef and cook until browned and cooked through.  Add onions and stir fry  until tender.  Reduce heat to medium.  Combine soup, peas and Worcestershire sauce and add to skillet.  Heat to a boil. Simmer, covered about 5 minutes.  Reduce heat to low.  Stir in sour cream and pepper.  Heat through.  Serve with noodles."
"Heat oil at medium high in  large skillet.  Add potatoes slices and stir fry  until tender crisp.  Add chicken and continue to stir fry until chicken is browned on all sides.  Reduce heat to medium.  Stir in mixture of soup, milk and garlic powder.  Arrange broccoli on top; heat to a boil.  Simmer, covered over low heat until chicken is cooked through and broccoli is tender, about 5 minutes.  Stir in parmesan cheese."
"Combine soup, milk and pepper in baking dish.  Stir in macaroni, tomato and green onion.  Mix bread crumbs with margarine and sprinkle over macaroni mixture.  Bake for 20 minutes or until heated through."
"Mix flour and chili powder.  Coat chicken with four mixture.  Heat oil in large skillet over medium heat.  Add chicken and cook until browned on both sides.  Set chicken aside.  Drain fat.  Stir in mixture of pepper strips, soup and corn; heat to a boil. Return chicken to skillet.  Reduce heat to low.  Simmer, covered, until chicken is cooked through about 5 minutes.  Sprinkle with cheese and serve with rice."
"Brown pork chops in oil in skillet.  Add soup mixed with water and garlic powder.  Cover and simmer until pork chops are cooked through."
"Brown chicken in oil in skillet.  Add soup mixed with water and lemon juice.  Cover and simmer until chicken is cooked through.  Bone in chicken may be substituted but allow 5 - 10 minutes to cook."
"Brown chicken in oil in skillet.  Add soup mixed with water, mustard and honey.  Cover and simmer until chicken is cooked through"
""
"Crust:
Combine all ingredients, mixing until crumbly.  Press firmly into 13" x 9" (33 x 23 cm) cake pan sprayed with a non-stick spray.  Bake at  for 15-18 minutes, or until light golden.

Topping:
Beat eggs, sugar, corn syrup and margarine together until blended. Stir in butterscotch chips and pecans. Pour evenly over crust. Bake about 30 minutes longer, or until set and golden. Cool completely on wire rack. Cut into bars."
"Cream margarine, brown sugar, corn syrup and vanilla in large bowl at medium speed until smooth.  Stir in oats, mixing thoroughly.  Press firmly in 8 inch square pan.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until lightly golden and is done.  Cool 5 minutes.  Sprinkle chocolate chips evenly on top.  Drop small spoonfuls of peanut butter over chips.  Let stand 5 minutes to soften.  Swirl chocolate and peanut butter together to marble.  Cool completely then chill 15 minutes to set topping before cutting."
"Brownie Layer:
Melt margarine and chocolate together until smooth.  Stir in coffee; cool.  Combine flour and baking powder.  Beat eggs and sugar until blended.  Stir in chocolate and flour mixture.  Mix well.  Spread in greased 13 x 9 inch pan.  Chill 10 minutes.

Cheesecake Layer:
Beat cream cheese, sugar and eggs until creamy.  Gradually add flour and coffee, beating until smooth.   Spread over brownie layer.  Bake for 2 minutes or until done.

Sour Cream Layer:
Combine sour cream and sugar.  Spread over cheese layer.  Bake 10 minutes longer.   Cool completely; cut into small squares.  Decorate with coffee bean.

Can be frozen."
"Combine flour, corn starch and icing sugar in large bowl.  With large spoon blend in butter and grated chocolate thoroughly.  Work with hands until soft, smooth dough forms.  Shape into 1 inch balls.  Place on ungreased baking sheet.  Flatten slightly with lightly floured bottom of glass or roll dough to 1/4 inch thickness.  Cut into shapes with cookie cutters.  Press a chocolate chunk into center of each cookie.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until edges are slightly browned.  Remove from sheet, cool completely.

Cashew Shortbread:
Omit chocolate.  Add cashews to dough.  Top each cookie with a small cashew half.

Pistachio Cranberry Shortbread:
Omit chocolate.  Add pistachios and cranberries to dough.  Press balls with floured fork or roll dough to 1/4 inch thickness.

Can freeze"
"Crust:
Combine all ingredients mixing until crumbly.  Press firmly into greased 9 inch pan.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until light golden.

Topping:
Beat eggs, sugar, syrup and margarine together until blended.   Stir in chocolate chips and nuts.  Pour evenly over crust.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes longer or until set and golden.  Cool completely on wire rack.  Cut into bars.

Can freeze"
"Combine first 5 dry ingredients in large bowl.  Cut in margarine with pastry blender until crumbly.  Add milk and peaches, stirring just until blended.  Spoon into greased muffin cups.  Sprinkle with topping mixture of sugar and cinnamon.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until done.  Peaches can be replaced with fresh strawberries.
Can freeze"
"Combine flour, baking powder and salt.  Cream margarine, sugar, egg and vanilla together thoroughly.  Add dry ingredients, mixing well. Work with hands to a smooth dough.  Roll dough between 2 sheets of wax paper, lightly dusted with flour to a 12 x 9 inch rectangle.  Combine jam, coconut and nuts.  Spread evenly over dough leaving a 1/2 inch border.  Roll up tightly, jelly roll fashion, using wax paper to help, starting from long side.  Press edge to seal and shape into a roll.  Wrap in plastic wrap.  Chill overnight.  Cut into 1/4 inch thick slices.  Place on greased baking sheet.  Bake for 10 to 15 minutes or until golden.
Roll can be frozen before baking.  Cookies can also be frozen after baking."
"Cake:
Cream margarine, sugar, eggs and vanilla until light.  Combine flour, baking powder, soda and salt.  Add to creamed mixture alternately with sour cream mixing lightly after each addition.  Combine cranberries and 1/4 cup sugar.  Spread half of batter into greased 10 inch springform pan.  Sprinkle with cranberries.  Spread remaining batter on top.  Combine topping ingredients sprinkle over batter.  Bake for 50 to 55 minutes or until  done.  If using frozen cranberries, thaw and pat dry with paper towel.
Can freeze"
"Fruit:
Combine all ingredients.  Mix well. Turn into 9 inch square baking dish.
Topping:
Mix flour, sugar, baking powder and salt.  Cut in margarine with pastry blender until mixture resembles coarse meal.  Add milk, all at once.  Stir with fork until all ingredients are moistened.  Drop spoonfuls of batter over fruit, covering surface.  Place pan on a piece of aluminum foil to catch any drops that boil over.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until top is golden.  Serve warm."
"Prepare pastry according to package directions for two-crust pie.  Roll out bottom crust and fit into 9" (23 cm) pie plate.  Mix sugar, flour and spices.  Combine sugar mixture with fruits and lemon juice. Mix well.   Fill bottom crust with fruit mixture. Dot with butter. Place top pastry crust over filling. Seal and flute edge. Slash top crust for steam to escape.  Place pie on a piece of aluminum foil to catch any drips.  Bake on lower oven rack at 450  degrees F  for 15 minutes, then reduce temperature to 350  degrees F  and bake 35 to 40 minutes longer, or until fruit is tender and crust is golden.
Can freeze"
"Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt in large mixer bowl.  Add sugar, butter, 1/4 cup buttermilk and banana. Beat on medium speed for 2 minutes.   Add eggs, vanilla and 1/4 cup buttermilk. Beat on medium speed for 1 minute. Spread batter evenly in two greased 9" round cake pans.   Bake at  for 30 to 40 minutes or until done. Cool 10 minutes, then remove from pans and cool completely.

FROSTING:
Beat cream cheese and butter together on medium speed of electric mixer. Add icing sugar, beating until smooth.  Fill and frost cake layers."
"Combine flour, corn starch, icing sugar and nuts in a large bowl.   With large spoon, blend in butter. Work with hands until soft, smooth dough forms.  Shape dough into a smooth roll about 1 1/2" (4 cm) in diameter.   Wrap and chill until firm (about 4 hours or overnight). Store rolls in refrigerator for up to 1 month.   Cut with sharp knife into thin slices. Place on ungreased baking sheet.   Bake at  for 8 to 12 minutes, or until edges are lightly browned.  Remove from sheet and cool complete.   Can freeze

VARIATION:
Cherry Pecan Shortbread: Omit hazelnuts. Mix dough until smooth then mix in 3/4 cup (175 mL) chopped candied cherries and 1/2 cup (125 mL) chopped pecans until evenly distributed."
"Sift flour and icing sugar together into a bowl, set aside.  Beat egg whites on medium speed until frothy.  Add cream of tartar and beat on high speed, adding sugar gradually, until whites are glossy and stiff.  Add vanilla and mix until just blended.  Fold flour mixture into egg whites, using a large rubber spatual.  Fold in grated chocolate and raspberries.  Pour batter into ungreased tube pan.  Bake for 50 to 55 minutes or until done.  Remove pan from oven and invert.   Cool cake completely.  Turn cake right side up and runknife between cake and side and center of the pan to loosen it.  Invert cake onto serving plate.  Drizzle melted chocolate on top and sides of cake to decorate..  Can freeze undecorated."
"Combine first 4 dry ingredients in mixing bowl.  Add melted margarine.  Mix well.  Reserve 1 cup of crumbly mixture.  Press remainder in greased 13 x 9 inch pan.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until lightly browned.  Combine chips, almonds and toffee bits.  Sprinkle evenly over base.  Mix sundae sauce and 1/3 cup flour until smooth.  Pour evenly over base.  Sprinkle reserved oat mixture on top.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes longer or until golden.  Cool completely before cutting into bars.  Can freeze."
"Crust:
Mix flour, brown sugar, oats and lemon rind; cut in butter until mixture is crumbly.  Press into bottom of 9 inch spring form pan.  Bake for 30  minutes.  Cool for 10 minutes.  (Crumb mixture will be starting to harden).  In pan crush warm mixture into small chunks using a fork; reserve 1 cup.  Press remaining mixture onto the bottom and 1 inch up sides of pan.

Filling:
Beat cream cheese and sugar until very smooth.  Beat in eggs, one at a time, just until blended.  Pour over crumb crust.  Place fruit on top of cheese filling and sprinkle reserved crumb mixture on top.  Bake 60 to 70 minutes or until set.  Remove from oven and run knife around sides of pan to loosen.  Cool on wire rack at room temperature.  Chill overnight"
"Brownie Base:
Melt chocolate and butter over low heat or in microwave on medium power for 2 minutes until butter is melted.  Stir until completely smooth.  Stir in sugar and eggs.  Mix well.   Stir in flour until smooth.  Spread in a greased foil line 13 x 9 inch cake pan.  Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until done.  Do not over bake.  Cool in pan.

Mocha Layer:
Dissolve coffee granules in hot water.  Add remaining ingredients and beat until smooth.  Spread over cooled brownie layer.  Drizzle with melted chocolate to garnish.  Let chocolate set, then cut into bars.
Can freeze without drizzle"
"Brown meat in skillet, drain off fat.  Stir in sauce and simmer uncovered for 10 minutes.  Cook noodles according to package directions; drain.  Combine mozzarella cheese and sour cream.  In greased 8 cup casserole spread half the noodles.  Tip with cheese mixture, then half the meat, the remaining noodles and remaining meat. Sprinkle with parmesan cheese.   Bake, covered for 30 minutes or until bubbly, removing cover for last 5 minutes."
"Brown meat in skillet; drain off fat.  Stir in sauce and chili powder.  Bring to a boil, reduce heat and simmer, uncovered, about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Warm tortillas as directed on package.  Divide mixture among tortillas, leaving a 1 inch border at each end.  Top with lettuce and cheese.  Fold edges over filling.  Garnish with sour cream if desired."
"Combine meat, 1/4 sauce, crumbs, egg, onion, parsley, pepper and sage.  Pack into 9 x 5 loaf pan.  Bake for 1 hour.   Meanwhile melt butter over medium heat.  Saut  degrees  mushrooms until lightly browned.  Stir in remaining sauce and heat through.  Cut meat loaf in slices and serve with mushroom sauce."
"Combine egg, bread crumbs, milk, onion, parsley, salt, pepper and meat; mix well.  Form into walnut sized balls.  Brown meatballs, drain off fat.  Add sauce, cover and simmer for 30 minutes.  Serve on rice."
"Remove tips from wings.  Fry wings for 3 to 4 minutes in oil until browned.  Drain on paper towel.  Mix together remaining ingredients.  Place wings on a foil lined baking pan.  Pour sauce evenly over wings.  Bake for 30 minutes."
"Trim fat from chops and cut edges in several places. Heat oil over medium heat.  Add chops and brown both sides, sprinkling with pepper.  Drain off fat.  Add remaining ingredients, except apples.  Cover and simmer for 45 minutes.  Turn chops and add apples, covering with sauce.  Cover and simmer another 25 to 30 minutes."
"Grease cookie sheet.  Mix all ingredients until well blended.  Roll rounded teaspoonfuls into balls.  Place 1 inch apart on cookie sheet.  Bake 12 minutes or until set.  Remove to wire rack to cool.  Store in airtight containers up to 2 weeks."
"Lightly grease cookie sheet.  In a large bowl, mix flour, oats, 1 cup of the gumdrops, the baking powder, baking soda and salt until blended.  In another large bowl, beat margarine, sugar and vanilla until fluffy.  Beat in egg until blended.  With mixer on low speed, gradually beat in flour mixture just until blended.  With floured hands, roll slightly rounded teaspoonfuls of dough into 3/4 inch balls.  Place on cookie sheet 2 inches apart.  Decorate tops with remaining 1/3 cup cut up gumdrops.  Bake 12 to 15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool 5 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely.  Store airtight up to 2 weeks or freeze."
"Have ungreased cookie sheet ready.  Process flour and pecans in a food processor or blender until nuts are very finely chopped.  Beat butter, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl until pale and fluffy.  With mixer on low speed gradually beat in flour mixture just until blended.  Roll level tablespoonfuls dough into balls. Place about 1 inch apart on cookie sheet.   Bake 45 minutes or until golden.  While war, roll in icing sugar.  Place on wire rack to cool completely, then roll in icing sugar again.  Store airtight up to 2 weeks or freeze."
"Beat butter, sour cream and egg yolk in a large bowl until smooth.  With mixer on low speed, gradually bet in flour until blended.  Divide dough into fourths.  Wrap each separately and chill 1 hour or until firm enough to roll.

Filling:
Process sugar, nuts and cinnamon in food processor or blender until  nuts are very finely chopped.  On a lightly floured surface, roll out 1 piece of dough at a time (keep remaining refrigerated) to an 11 inch circle.  Sprinkle with 1/4 of the filling.  Using a pizza wheel or small knife, cut circle into 16 wedges.  Using a small metal spatula, carefully slide out 1 wedge.  Roll up from wide edge to point of triangle. Place on ungreased cookie sheet and curve into a crescent shape.  Repeat with remaining wedges and remaining pieces of dough.  Bake 25 minutes orjust until golden.  Remove to wire rack to cool.  Store airtight at room temperature up to 2 weeks or freeze."
"Lightly grease cookie sheet.  Beat margarine and sugar in large bowl until pale and fluffy.  Beat in egg yolks, lemon peel and lemon juice until blended.  With mixer on low gradually beat in flour just until blended.  If necessary, refrigerate dough until firm enough to handle.  Beat egg whites with a fork in a shallow bowl until foamy.  Place chopped nuts on waxed paper.  Shape rounded teaspoonfuls dough into 1 inch balls.  Dip in egg whites, then roll in nuts to coat.  Place 1 inch apart on cookie sheet.  Make a deep indent in the top of each ball.  Bake 15 to 18 minutes.  Remove to wire rack to cool.  Store airtight up to 3 weeks or freeze.  Shortly before serving fill indents with preserves"
"Combine eggs, pumpkin, sugar, salt and spices.  Gradually stir in evaporated milk.  Pour into unbaked pie shell.  Bake at 425  degrees  for 15 minutes then reduce to 350  degrees  and continue baking for 40 minutes.   Cool.  Just before serving top with Praline topping.

Praline topping:
Combine all ingredients.  Sprinkle evenly over pie. Place under broiler until top is bubbly about 1 minute.  Serve immediately."
"Mix first three ingredients and spread 1/4 of the mixture on bottom of pie crust.  Add cherries and sprinkle rest of flour mixture on top of cherries.  Sprinkle lemon juice on top.  Flute top crust and bake for 1 hour."
"Boil above mixture putting pickling spice in bag, for 10 minutes.  Sterilize jars and pack cooked beets in jars.  Pour vinegar over beets and seal."
"Saut  degrees  onions and bacon until onions are transparent.  Add potatoes, salt and boiling water to onion mixture.  Cover and cook until the potatoes are soft.  Add milk and corn and simmer slowly for a few minutes.  Serve piping hot with crackers."
"Combine sauce ingredients, stir well and set aside.  Heat oil in large heavy skillet over high heat; brown pork strips 1 - 2 minutes.  Add onions and celery and cook while stirring about 1 - 2 minutes. Add cabbage and green vegetables, cook and stir 2 minutes.  Stir in apples and sauce. Bring sauce to a boil; reduce heat to medium.  Cook 2 - 3 minutes until sauce thickens.  Do  not overcook.  Serve immediately over rice or noodles."
"Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat.  Add pork strips and stir fry quickly for 2 - 3 minutes.  Add garlic and stir fry with pork for 2 minutes.  Add carrots, green beans, water, orange juice and noodles & sauce.  Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat to medium low and simmer uncovered for 7 minutes.  Sprinkle with almonds and orange sections if desired.  Cover and let stand 5 minutes."
"Trim pork chops well.  Mix together flour, thyme and pepper.  Coat chops with mixture.  Heat oil in a non stick skillet over medium high heat.  Saut  degrees  chops 3 - 5 minutes per side until brown.  Reduce heat to medium low.  Add lemon juice and chicken stock scraping up brown bits.  Turn chops once and remove.  Spoon sauce over chops.  Prepare Lipton Pasta and Sauce Fettucine Alfredo according to package directions."
"Mix ingredients together lightly with a fork."
"In large saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate chips with Eagle Brnad. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla.  Pour into medium bowl. Cover and chill 2 to 3 hours or until firm.  Shape into 1-inch balls; roll in desired coating and/or decorate with frosting and candies. Chill 1 hour or until firm. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator.

Notes: Tip: Place individual chocolate truffles into gold/silver foil candy wrappers or arrange on a tray for a decadent dessert presentation. Or serve individual truffles with a cup of coffee after dinner as a mini chocolate treat

Other Ideas: Truffles make a great homemade gift to give to friends and co-workers to simply say "thank you." Arrange several decorated truffles in a pretty box or other tin/basket lined with colorful wax or gift paper. Wrap with a bow. Note: re-usable tins are a nice keepsake after the truffles are gone."
"Melt fat over low heat.  Remove pan from heat and add flour and seasonings.  Stir.  Add milk slowly and stirring constantly.  Cook until sauce is thickened.  Continue cooking until all taste of raw starch is gone."
"Beat eggs, salt and milk lightly until well blended. Heat frying pan and melt butter.  Dip each slice of bread in egg mixture and fry until golden brown on both sides.  Serve at once with syrup or sprinkle with cinnamon sugar."
"Melt margarine in saucepan.  Add marshmallows and cook over low heat, stirring constantly until mixture and marshmallows are well blended.  Remove from heat and stir in vanilla.  Add rice krispies and stir until coated with marshmallow mixture.  Press into buttered 13 x 9 inch pan.  Cut into squares when cool."
"Combine milk and sugar in saucepan; heat to boiling.  Cook 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Remove from heat.  Add marshmallows, nuts, chocolate chips and vanilla.  Stir until marshmallows melt.  Pour into buttered 8 or 9 inch pan.  Cool.  Cut in squares."
"Heat oil in large frying pan.  Add next five ingredients.  Cook, stirring for five minutes.  Add chili powder and tomato paste.  Cook for 2 minutes.  Add ground beef and cook until browned.  Add tomatoes and kidney beans and seasoning.  Stir till boiling. Reduce heat.  Cover and simmer for 45 minutes.  Stir occasionally."
"Combine the flour, baking soda, nutmeg, sugar, and salt. Using a wooden spoon, beat eggs, milk, vanilla, melted butter, orange extract and orange juice.  Pour into the dry ingredients and stir until flour is thoroughly moistened. Add the blueberries and the nuts. Stir thoroughly but gently. Pour into a well buttered mini loaf pans and set aside for fifteen minutes. Bake  for about 45 minutes or until the loaves test done.  Makes 4 mini loaves or one very large loaf. Remember, if you do the large loaf the cooking will be a lot longer (around an hour and a quarter)"
"Melt chocolate chips over low heat.  Remove from heat and add peanuts.  Stir well and drop by teaspoonful onto waxed paper.  Chill in the refrigerator"
"In greased casserole dish combine first 6 ingredients.  Cream flour, margarine and sugar.  Stir in rolled oats.  Sprinkle over fruit.  Bake for 40 minutes or until fruit is tender and top is brown."
"Stir together cocoa and boiling water in small bowl until smooth; set aside.  Cream shortening, sugar and vanilla in large mixer bowl until light and fluffy.  Add eggs; beat well.  Combine flour, baking soda and salt;  add alternately with buttermilk to creamed mixture.  Blend in cocoa mixture.  Pour into three greased and floured 8 or two 9 inch layer pans.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until done.  Cool 10 minutes; remove from pans.  Cool completely; frost as desired."
"Roll in a ball, flatten, put cherry on top and bake for 12 to 15 minutes."
"Brown first 4 ingredients in frying pan, leaving juice.  Put in casserole.  Fry onions, celery and green pepper.  When soft, put in casserole with soup, bean sprouts and juice.   Cover with Chow Mien Noodles"
"Grease casserole dish with butter.  Brown Hamburg with onions and celery.  Add remaining ingredients and bake for 30 minutes.  Add Chinese noodles on top and bake another 30 minutes."
"Simmer above ingredients.  Fold in egg noodles. Put in casserole.  Cover with grated mozzarella cheese and bake for 30 minutes."
"Crust:
Combine flour, sugar and margarine in large bowl.  Beat on medium speed until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Press firmly and evenly into greased 15 x 10 inch jelly roll pan.  Bake for 15 minutes.

Filling:
Heat chocolate and corn syrup in saucepan over low heat, stirring until smoothly melted.  Remove from heat.  Stir in sugar, eggs and vanilla until blended.  Stir in pecans.  Pour filling over hot crust; spread evenly.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until filling is firm around edges and slightly soft in centre.  Cool in pan on rack.

Drizzle:
Melt chocolate over hot water or in microwave on medium for 2 to 30 minutes.  Drizzle on top.  Cool."
"Sift together the dry ingredients and make a well in the center.  Add the orange juice, butter, water and egg.  Beat until the flour is all incorporated.  Stir in the cranberries and nuts.  Grease and line loaf pan. Spoon in the mixture and bake for 1 hour or until done.  Remove from pan, peel of the paper and dust with icing sugar.  Slice and serve warm or cold with butter or cream cheese."
"Mix all ingredients and cook on stove.  Pour into pie shell and bake for 1 hour."
"Place the carrots in a medium saucepan and cover with water; bring to a boil over high heat. Boil for about 10 minutes, or until tender (see Note).   Drain the carrots then return them to the pan. Add the remaining ingredients and cook over low heat until the butter is melted and the carrots are evenly coated.
NOTE: The cooking time may vary, depending upon the size and age of the carrots."
"In a small saucepan over medium heat, mix pineapple juice, brown sugar and soy sauce. Remove from heat just before the mixture comes to a boil.  Place chicken tenders in a medium bowl. Cover with juice mixture, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes.  . Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat, and lightly oil grate. Thread chicken onto wooden skewers.  Grill chicken tenders about 5 minutes per side, until no longer pink and juices run clear. They cook quickly, so watch them closely."
"Pour beaten eggs into a shallow dish or bowl. In another shallow dish or bowl, mix together the grated Parmesan cheese and bread crumbs. Dip chicken breasts into beaten egg, then into bread crumb mixture to coat.  In a large skillet, heat oil over medium high heat. Add coated chicken and saute for about 8 to 10 minutes each side, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear.    Pour tomato sauce into a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Add chicken, then place a slice of Monterey Jack cheese over each breast, and bake for 20 minutes or until cheese is completely melted."
"In a small bowl, blend Dijon mustard and honey. Mix in the tarragon, basil, thyme, salt, and pepper.  Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Place chicken in the skillet, and brush on both sides with the Dijon mustard mixture. Pour 1/4 cup wine around the chicken. Reduce heat, cover, and simmer about 10 minutes, until liquid is reduced.  Pour another 1/4 cup wine around the chicken, and continue to cook about 5 minutes, until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear. Remove from heat, reserving remaining liquid.   Mix remaining wine into the skillet. Increase heat to medium, and scrape up browned bits. Cook and stir until liquid is reduced by about 1/3. Serve as a sauce over the chicken."
"Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add linguini pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.  In a small bowl, combine nutmeg, cayenne pepper, onion powder and pepper; set aside.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt butter and add 1/2 of the spice mixture, milk and cream. Heat until sauce thickens; set aside.  In a large skillet over medium heat, warm olive oil and add garlic, chicken, wine and remaining spice; cook until chicken is no longer pink. Remove chicken from pan and cook shrimp.  Deglaze pan by adding some wine and heating it for 2 to 3 minutes; add the cream sauce and reheat if needed. Pour sauce over hot linguine and add chicken mixture and shrimp."
"Grease and flour 9 inch pan.  Combine all ingredients and pour into prepared pan.  Bake for 40 minutes or until done.  Serve warm with vanilla ice cream."
"Grease pie plate.  Mix apples and spices; turn into pie plate.  Beat remaining ingredients until smooth.  Pour into plate.  Sprinkle with streusel.  Bake 55 to 60  minutes.

Streusel:
Mix ingredients and sprinkle on top of pie."
"In large pot cook pasta according to package directions, adding broccoli during last 3 minutes of cooking time; drain.  In same pot over medium low melt Velveeta with milk.  Stir in paprika, garlic powder, dry mustard, pepper and turmeric until blended.  Slowly stir in Cheddar; cook, stirring constantly, until cheese is completely melted. Remove from heat.  Stir in pasta and broccoli.  Transfer to serving dish.  Sprinkle with croutons."
"Combine first 3 ingredients and let stand overnight.  Put pan on to heat in the morning.  When heated, drain and add to the remainder of the ingredients.  Boil all together for 10 minutes, then put in sterilized bottles."
"Cut cucumbers and onions in desired sizes, sprinkle with salt and let stand overnight.  Cook remainder of the ingredients in the morning until clear and drain vegetables.  Add vegetables to mixture and simmer 3 minutes and put in sterilized bottles."
"Cut cucumbers and onion in desired sizes.   Soak for 4 hours in cold water with remaining ingredients, then drain.  Boil remainder of ingredients 5 minutes and pour over cucumber and onions for 2 more minutes.  Place in sterilized bottles."
"Drench blueberries with flour.  Sift dry ingredients; add beaten eggs to milk and melted shortening and stir in easily the blueberries. Bake for 30 minutes."
"Put vegetables in large pot or enamel pan and cover with cold water and salt.   Let stand overnight.  In morning put on the stove and warm through.  Do not boil.  Remove and drain well.   Boil together the remainder of the ingredients placing picking spice in bag.  Just before removing from heat fill in air tight jars."
"In small saucepan gradually add milk into corn starch until smooth.  Add margarine, salt, pepper and nutmeg.  Stirring constantly, bring to boil over medium heat, boil 1 minute to thicken.

Cheese Sauce:
Add cheese into prepared sauce until melted.  Serve over broccoli, cauliflower or baked potatoes.

Lemon Herb Sauce:
Stir in herbs and lemon juice into prepared sauce.  Serve over cooked vegetables, poultry or seafood."
"In small bowl combine sugar, chili powder, salt, cumin, garlic powder and oregano.  Rub spice mixture evenly over chicken; place on wire rack set in roasting pan.  Roast, basting occasionally with pan juices, until done.  Let stand 10 minutes before serving."
"Cut margarine into flour until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Combine egg yolk and sour cream; blend into flour mixture.  Chill dough several hours or overnight.  Divide dough into four equal portions, keeping each part refrigerated until ready to use.  Roll each part into a 10 inch circle on lightly floured surface.  Spread with 2 tablespoons filling.  Cut circule into 12 wedges.  Starting from wide end, roll each wedge into a crescent.  Sprinkle with sugar.  Place on ungreased cookie sheet.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until lightly browned.  Cool on rack.  Repeat with remaining pastry."
"Microwave:  In a large microwaveable bowl, melt unsweetened chocolate and margarine on medium for 3 to 4 minutes; stir until smooth.  Add icing sugar, salt, milk and vanilla; mix well.  Fold in marshmallows, nuts and chocolate chips.  Spread in waxed paper line 9 x 5 loaf pan.  Chill until firm.

Stove Top:  Melt chocolate and margarine in a saucepan over medium heat; stir until smooth.  Continue as directed above."
"Cream Jello pudding and pie filling mix with margarine and sugar.  Add egg and blend well.  Combine flour, baking soda, ginger and cinnamon; blend into pudding mixture.  Chill dough until firm, about 5 to 10 minutes.  Roll on a floured board about 1/4 inch thickness and cut with cookie cutter.  Place on greased baking sheet and use a straw to make a hole in the top of the cookie for hanging on the tree.   Bake for 10 to 12 minutes.  Remove from oven and cool on wire rack.  Decorate as desired."
"Base:
Combine flour, sugar, coffee.  Cut in butter until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Press into an 8 inch square pan.  Bake for 20 minutes.

Topping:
Sift together flour, baking powder, coffee, salt and cinnamon; set aside.  Beat eggs well.  Gradually add sugar, almond extract and flour mixture; blend.  Stir in almonds.  Spread over base.  Bake for 25 minutes.  Cool on wire rack and cut into bars."
"Combine pudding, sherry and milk in a microwaveable bowl.  (Use extra milk to thin pudding to a pourable consistency).  Warm on medium power 2 minutes to blend flavours and heat through.  Serve warm over plum pudding, fruitcake or gingerbread cake."
"Crust:
Combine crust ingredients; press mixture onto bottom and 1 inch up sides of 9 inch spring form pan.  Chill.

Filling:
In a large bowl using beat cream cheese and sugar until very smooth.  Beat in eggs, one at a time, until just blended.  Beat in remaining ingredients.  Pour into pan.  B ake for 60 minutes or until centre is just set.  Remove from oven and run knife around sides of pan.  Cool (cheesecake will fall slightly in centre)

Topping:
Heat sugar and water in saucepan over low heat, stirring until sugar dissolves. Increase heat and boil without stirring until mixture is a rich caramel colour, occasionally swirling and washing down sides of pan with brush dipped in cold water, about 8 to 10 minutes.  Reduce heat to low; add whipping cream.  Mixture will bubble up. Stir until smooth.  Mix in butter and vanilla.  Cool slightly.  Pour 2/3 cup caramel sauce into centre of cake, spreading evenly.  Chill cake at least 2 hours before serving.  If desired, garnish with whipped cream and pieces of caramel candy bars.  Serve remaining sauce with cake"
"Melt chocolate and margarine in large saucepan over medium heat.  Stir in peanut butter, mix well.  Fold in marshmallows.  Spread in wax paper ined 9 inch baking pan. Chill until firm, about 2 hours.  Cut into squares.  Store in refrigerator."
"Melt margarine.  Blend in flour; add onion and garlic.  Cook, stirring occasionally, over medium heat until onions are tender.  Remove from heat; stir in herbs.  Gradually add water and lemon juice.  Heat stirring until mixture boils.  Season with salt and pepper.  Set aside; keep warm.  Thinly slice cooked steak on an angle across grain.  Serve topped with sauce; garnish with parsley."
"Mix ingredients until blended.  Turn into greased 9 inch pan.  Bake for 45 minutes.  Let stand a few minutes.  Unfold on serving platter. Serve hot, with Mushroom Sauce."
"Drain mushrooms reserving liquid.  Add enough water to  liquid to make one cup.  Combine liquids with milk, flour, salt and pepper.  Beat until well blended.  Cook, stirring constantly until sauce thickens and comes to a boil.  Stir in mushrooms."
"Melt margarine, add onion and green pepper; cook until tender.   Blend in flour.  Remove from heat.  Blend together water and dry milk.  Gradually stir into flour mixture until smooth.  Cook, stirring constantly, until sauce is thickened and starts to boil.  Add tuna, peas, pimiento and salt.  Cook, stirring, until heated.  Combine rice and parsley, and serve with tuna."
"Melt margarine; stir in oil.  Add chopped almonds and cook over low heat until almonds are lightly browned, about 12 minutes.  Stir in lemon juice and salt.  Serve hot over fish."
"Melt margarine in small saucepan.  Stir in chives and parsley.  Serve over cooked potatoes, cauliflower or zucchini.  Store any remaining sauce covered in refrigerator."
"Melt margarine in a small saucepan.  Stir in dill. Serve over cooked potatoes, carrots or turnips.  Store any remaining sauce covered in refrigerator."
"Melt margarine in a small saucepan.  Stir in rosemary and thyme.  Serve over cooked peas, green beans or zucchini.  Store any remaining covered in refrigerator."
"Melt 1/4 cup margarine, pour into a 9 inch square pan.  Sprinkle with brown sugar, arrange pineapple slices and cherries in center of pineapple circles.  Sift together first 3 cake batter ingredients.  Cream margarine, gradually add 7/8 cup sugar, cream until light and fluffy.  Combine milk and flavourings.   Add sifted dry ingredients to creamed mixture alternately with milk mixture, begin and end with dry ingredients.  Beat egg whites until foamy, gradually add remaining 1/4 cup sugar and beat until stiff and glossy.  Carefully fold into batter.  Pour batter over brown sugar and pineapple.  Bake for 45 minutes or until done."
"In a large bowl, mix together the pineapple juice, soy sauce, ginger, garlic powder, and white pepper. Reserve a small amount of the marinade separately for dipping later.   Place chicken in marinade, and add enough water to cover. Cover, and refrigerate for 24 hours.
Heat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat.   Brush grate lightly with oil. Grill chicken 5 to 7 minutes per side, depending on thickness. Chicken is done when inside is no longer pink and juices run clear."
"Combine first 4 ingredients.  Press on bottom of 8 inch spring form pan.  Chill.  Dissolve gelatin in water; cool to lukewarm.  Blend cheese, sugar and salt well.  Slowly add gelatin; mix until blended.  Pour over crust.  Chill until firm.  Stirring constantly, bring remaining ingredients to a boil.  Cool 15 minutes; spread over cheesecake.  Chill at least 1 hour longer."
"Beat butter and sugar on medium speed until smooth.  Add flour and continue beating until  mixture is crumbly.  Push and press mixture firmly up sides an don bottom of 9 inch pie plate, quiche pan, flan pan or spring form (1 inch up sides) pan.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes.  Cool 20 minutes before adding filling"
"Beat cream cheese and sugar on medium speed until smooth.  Blend I milk, lemon juice and lemon rind.  Fold in Whipped topping."
"Prepare pudding as directed on package, reducing milk to 3/4 cup.  (Mixture will be thick)  Fold in orange rind and Whipped Topping."
"Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Mix pecans, flour, granutated sugar and margarine.  Press onto bottom of greased 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 20 min. Cool.  Neat cream cheese spread and icing sugar in medium bowl with electric mixer untit well  blended. Stir in 2 cups of the whipped topping; spread over crust.  Prepare each dry pudding mix with 1 1/2 cups milk in separate bowls, beating with wire whisk 2 min. or until well blended. Layer vanitla and chocolate pudding over cream cheese mixture. Top with remaining whipped topping.  Refrigerate at Least 3 hours before serving. Store Leftovers in refrigerator.
JAzz tr Up: Garnish with 2 Tbsp. grated Baker's Semi-Sweet Chocolate
before cutting to serve."
"Spread crust with Creamy Orange Filling.  Brush peach slices with lemon juice to prevent browning; pat dry.  Arrange slices randomly over filling.  Sprinkle with fresh raspberries."
"Spread crust with Lemon Cream Cheese Filing.  Place washed and thoroughly dried mixed berries over filling."
"Spread crust with Creamy Orange Filling.  Cut strawberries in half lengthwise; reserving 1 whole strawberry for centre.  Working from outside edge of tart to centre, place berries on filling, tip of berry facing out"
"Prepare pasta as directed on package, adding vegetables to boiling water during last 3 to 4 minutes of pasta cooking time.  Drain well. Heat Cheez Whiz in a microwaveable bowl in microwave on medium for 1 minute, stirring once.  Pour over hot pasta and vegetables.  Serve immediately."
"In heavy saucepan over low heat, melt chips with milk.  Remove from heat; stir in icing sugar, salt, vanilla and nuts. Spread evenly in wax paper lined 8 inch square pan.  Chill 2 to 3 hours or until firm.  Turn fudge onto cutting board; peel off paper; cut into squares. Store loosely covered at room temperature.    Can be frozen."
"In a medium bowl, combine flour and granulated sugar; cut in margarine with pastry blender until coarse crumbs are formed. Press into a 9 inch (2 L) square pan. Bake at  10 minutes, let cool 10 minutes. In a medium bowl, beat together eggs and brown sugar  until light and fluffy. Add remaining ingredients; pour over base. Return to oven, bake 25-30 minutes. Cool; cut into squares. Makes 25 squares."
"Preheat oven to 300 degrees.  In a large bowl, combine the flour & seasonings. Set aside.  Remove any fat from the beef and gently toss with the flour mixture to coat.  Heat the vegetable oil and butter in a skillet over medium high heat. Add the dredged beef chunks and brown until a crust forms on each side.  In 9  degrees 13 inch pan combine beef, onions, mushrooms, thyme and beef broth  Cover tightly with tin foil and bake for 2 hours or until beef is fork tender.  Meanwhile, combine the sour cream,Simply Better Gravy and cornstarch in small bowl and set aside.  Cook the egg noodles 2 minutes less than indicated on the package. Drain well.  Remove the beef from the oven and turn the oven up to 350 degrees.  Remove the thyme sprigs from the pan, stir in the egg noodles and the gravy mixture.  Bake an additional 15 minutes or until hot and bubbly.
Optional Crumb Topping: Combine 1/2 cup Panko bread crumbs, 1 tablespoon fresh parsley, 1/2 teaspoon garlic powder and 1 1/2 tablespoons melted butter.  Sprinkle over the casserole just before baking"
"Melt half of margarine in a non stick skillet over medium heat.  Cook salmon in margarine for 5 to 7 minutes, turning once, until salmon begins to flake easily.  Season with salt and pepper.  Remove salmon from skillet and place on a warm serving platter.  To skillet, add chicken stock and lemon juice, bring to the boil.  Boil 1  minute.  Remove from heat, stir in remaining margarine until melted and pour sauce over salmon.  Sprinkle with chopped parsley.  Serve immediately."
"In skillet, saut  degrees  onion and garlic in melted margarine, 3 to 4 minutes.  Stir in flour and cook 1 minute, stirring.  Whisk in milk and stock; bring to a boil.  Reduce heat, simmer 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.   Add ham, cheese, basil, oregano and pepper; heat through and set aside.  Cook pasta according to package directions.  Add red pepper and broccoli to pasta water 1 to 2 minutes before end of cooking time.  Drain pasta and vegetables.  Toss with sauce and serve immediately."
"Wash lettuce and tear into bite size pieces.  Add dressing, croutons and bacon and toss to coat well.  Serve immediately garnished with fresh ground pepper and lemon slices."
"In small bowl, combine all ingredients, mix until well combined.  Cover and chill until ready to serve."
"In large bowl, combine mayonnaise, soy sauce, sesame oil, ginger and cayenne pepper.  Add fettuccine and remaining ingredients; toss to coat.  Cover and chill 1 to 2 hours to blend flavours."
"In large bowl, combine mayonnaise, vinegar, mustard, salt and pepper.  Stir in eggs, potatoes, celery, green onions and carrot.  Cover and chill 1 to 2 hours to blend flavours.   Sprinkle with paprika and chopped parsley."
"In large bowl, combine flour, oats, brown sugar and baking soda.  In small bowl, combine melted butter and corn syrup, stir into dry ingredients.  Set aside 1 cup of the mixture, pat remaining mixture into 9 inch square baking pan.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until very lightly browned.   In bowl, combine cranberry sauce, lemon juice and rind. Spread over base. Sprinkle evenly with reserved oats mixture; pat down lightly.  Bake  for 25 to 30 minutes or until golden brown.  Let cool completely on rack."
"In bowl, combine crumbs, icing sugar and cocoa.  Stir together orange juice, corn syrup and vanilla, pour into dry mixture and stir until moistened.  Cover and chill for about 30 minutes.  Shape into small balls about 1 inch in diameter.  If desired, roll in cocoa or icing sugar.  Place in tiny paper cups.  Store in refrigerator.  For best flavour, remove from refrigerator about 20 minutes before serving."
"Mix cream cheese and sugar until smooth.  Add eggs, one at a time, and  mix until just blended.  Pour into prepared crust.  Heat and sieve Raspberry jam and dot cheesecake batter with jam.  Zig zag a knife through jam to marble.  Bake for 40 minutes or until centre is set.  Cool to room temperature.  Refrigerate 3 hours or overnight."
"Cake:
Grease jelly roll pan and line with wax paper.  Combine flour, cocoa, baking powder and salt; set aside.  Beat eggs, 3 minutes, until foamy.  Gradually beat in sugar, 4 to 5 minutes, until very thick.  Stir in water and vanilla.  Blend in flour mixture until smooth.  Pour batter into prepared pan.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until done.  Cool 5 minutes.  Turn out onto kitchen towel dusted with cocoa, trim edges; remove wax paper.  Roll up from one narrow end; cool in towel on rack

Filling:  Beat whipping cream until thickened.  Beat in sugar, until stiff peaks form.  Fold in coffee

Assembly:
Unroll cake; spread with filling; re-roll.  Spread icing over roll to cover.  Decorate with red and green cherries.  Chill until ready to serve."
"In a large skillet, over medium high heat, melt half of the margarine.  Brown chicken 5 minutes on each side. Remove from pan; set aside.  Reduce heat to medium.  In same skillet, add remaining margarine, saut  degrees  mushrooms and onions with soup, milk and pepper to taste.  Bring to a boil.  Return chicken to skillet.  Reduce heat to low.  Cover; simmer 5 minutes or until chicken is no longer pink, stirring occasionally.  Serve with noodles."
"Filling:
Stir together jam, bread crumbs, sugar and butter.

Dough:
Combine 1/2 cup flour and undissolved yeast. Heat some cream with 1 tablespoon water until warm, stir into flour. Stir in butter, egg and enough of the remaining flour to make a soft dough.  Knead into a ball; divided in half, wrap with plastic; refrigerate 2 hours.  Line baking sheet with wax paper.  Sprinkle work surface with white sugar.  Roll one dough half to 18 x 8 rectangle. Spread half of the filling, lengthwise over half of dough  Fold dough, lengthwise, in half, trim edges.  Cut crosswise into 12 strips, twist each in center to form bow.  Place on greased baking sheet.  Repeat process.  Bake for 15 to 20  minutes until golden.  Cool on wire racks.  Dust with icing sugar"
"In 13x9-inch baking pan, melt butter in oven.  Sprinkle crumbs evenly over butter; pour Eagle Brand evenly over crumbs. Top with remaining ingredients; press down firmly with spoon.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Cut into bars. Store covered at room temperature.   For perfectly cut bars: Line entire pan with a sheet of aluminum foil first. When bars are cool, lift up edges of foil to remove from pan. Cut into individual squares. Lift off foil."
"In  a large skillet, over medium high heat, brown chicken in oil, drain, set aside.  In a small saucepan, combine sugar, cornstarch, chili powder, stir in pineapple juice and chili sauce.  Cook over medium high heat until mixture boils, stirring occasionally.  Cook 1 minute longer.  Add pineapple chunks.  Place chicken in 1 quart casserole dish.  Pour chili sauce mixture over chicken.  Bake for 45 minutes."
"Cook chicken in large skillet sprayed with no stick cooking spray  5 minutes.  Add green pepper and onion; cook until chicken is cooked through and vegetables are tender.  Stir in sauce, rotini and 1 cup of the cheese.  Sprinkle with remaining 1 cup cheese; cover.  Let stand 1 to 2 minutes or until cheese is melted."
"Heat 3 tablespoons sugar and margarine in saucepan over low heat, stirring frequently, until margarine is melted.  Stir in cracker crumbs.  Press firmly against bottom and sides of ungreased pie plate.  Beat cream cheese slightly; add sugar, vanilla and eggs.  Beat on medium speed until smooth, about 2 minutes.  Pour over crumb mixture.  Bake about 30 minutes.  Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours, but no longer than 48 hours.  Beat whipping cream and vanilla in chilled bowl until stiff.  Spread over cheesecake.  Top with cherries, blueberries etc.  Refrigerate any remaining cheesecake immediately."
"Combine crumbs and margarine; press onto bottom of 9 inch spring form pan.  Bake at 325  degrees  for 10 minutes.  Combine cream cheese, sugar, juice, rind and vanilla.  Mix at medium speed until well blended.  Add egg yolks, one at a time, mixing well after each addition.  Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites; pour over crust.  Bake at  300   degrees  for 45 minutes.  Serve with fresh fruit or cherry pie filling."
"Combine at room temperature cream cheese with eggs, sugar and vanilla.   Line each cupcake paper with a cookie.  Fill each cup 3/4 full with the cheese mixture.  Bake 15 to 20 minutes.  Cool and top with a teaspoon of filling.  May be frozen before adding fruit topping.
For 22 large cupcakes, use Nabisco wafers and large cupcake papers.  For 36 small cupcakes, use Sunshine wafers and miniature papers.  Foil liners work well."
"Crust:
Mix ingredients and flour to a crumbly mass; pat into rectangular cake pan or a spring pan.  Bake the crust at 350  degrees  for 20 minutes.
Filling:
Blend sugar with 2 tablespoons flour, salt and softened cream cheese.  Add cream, blend thoroughly.  Beat egg whites until stiff.  Pour into mixture and pour on top of crust.  Bake at 325  degrees  for 1 Hour and 15 minutes (or until set in the center).  Serve with strawberries or cherries which have been jellied."
"On low speed combine cake mix, 1 egg, margarine and 2 teaspoons pie spice until crumbly.  Press into bottom of 15 x 10 inch jelly roll pan.  In large mixer bowl beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Gradually beat in Eagle Brand and remaining eggs, pumpkin, and remaining pie spice and salt; mix well.  Pour over crust; sprinkle with nuts.  Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until set.  Cool.  Chill.  Cut into bars.  Store in refrigerator."
"Mix brown sugar, nuts and flour, stir in the butter.  Mix until crumbly.  Remove 1 cup for topping.  Press remainder in 8 inch square pan and press firmly.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes.  Beat cream cheese with 1/4 cup sugar.  Beat in egg, lemon juice, milk and vanilla.  Pour onto baked crust. Top with reserved crumbs.  Bake for 25 minutes.  Cool thoroughly.  Refrigerate."
"Grease bottom and sides of spring form pan.  Press crust mixture into bottom and 2/3 up sides of pan.  Reserve 3 tablespoons of crust mixture to sprinkle on top of cake.  Beat eggs and sugar until fluffy.  Add cream cheese, salt, extracts, beat until smooth.  Blend in sour cream and pour into crust.  Sprinkle crumbs on outside edge.  Bake for 45 minutes to 1 hour."
"Mix graham cracker crumbs, sugar and margarine, press into 9 inch spring form pan.  Bake for 10 minutes or use ready  made graham cracker pie shell.  Beat cream cheese until smooth, add brown sugar and flour, mix well.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each.  Stir in vanilla and pecans.  Pour into prepared c rust.  Bake for 40 to 45 minutes.   Let cool to room temperature; refrigerate overnight.  Remove sides of spring form pan; top with whipped cream and pecan halves."
"Beat all ingredients together.   Line muffin tins with cupcake papers.  Put a vanilla wafer in the bottom of each paper.  Fill about half full with cream cheese mixture and bake for 13 minutes.  Let cool for about 20 minutes.  Top with a teaspoon of cherry or blueberry pie filling.  Refrigerate for about an hour before pulling off papers."
"Crust:
Combine graham crackers, margarine and brown sugar and mix well.  Line bottom and sides of 9 inch pie pan.  Bake 8 minutes and then cool.  Reserve 2 tablespoons of mix for garnish.
Filling:
Mix cream cheese, lemon juice and powdered milk together.  Add condensed milk.  Mix again.  Pour into cooled crust and sprinkle with reserved crust mix and refrigerate about 3 hours.  Cherry pie filling can be used as garnish."
"Beat cream cheese; gradually add milk and lemon juice, beating well.  Chill thoroughly.  Combine graham cracker crumbs and cinnamon in a small mixing bowl.  Drop 1 teaspoon chilled cream cheese mixture onto the graham cracker crumbs.  Shake bowl completely coating cream cheese.  Shape cream cheese mixture into a ball and place in a petit-four cup.  Repeat procedure until cheese mixture is completely used up.  Garnish with cherries.   Freeze."
"Combine brown sugar, butter, biscuit mix and nuts until crumbly.  Press 2/3 of this in an 8 inch greased pan.  Bake for 8  minutes.  Beat cream cheese, brown sugar, egg, lemon juice and vanilla together.  Cook apples in water with sugar to tender.  Drain and add 1/4 cup sugar and 1 teaspoon lemon juice.  Over crust layer apples, then cheese, then rest of crumbs.  Bake 25 minutes.  Store in refrigerator or freeze."
"In a shallow glass dish or bowl, stir together the soy sauce, Italian dressing, cornstarch, garlic and ginger. Place steak strips in the mixture to marinate for 15 minutes.  While the beef is marinating, combine the bouillon cubes in water in a large saucepan. Bring to a boil, and add pasta. Cook for about 8 minutes, or until al dente. Drain.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Remove beef from marinade with a slotted spoon, and place in the hot skillet. Discard marinade. Cook beef, stirring constantly for 2 to 3 minutes, or until mostly browned. Stir in the beef broth, mushrooms and green onions, reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for about 5 minutes. Remove lid, add broccoli, and cook until broccoli is bright green and tender but still crisp. Add drained linguine, toss, and serve."
"Mix cranberries and 1/2 cup sugar. In large bowl, mix flour, baking soda, salt and remaining sugar. Combine egg, buttermilk and shortening and pour into center of flour mixture. Spoon in cranberry mixture. Spoon batter into greased  muffin pans. Bake 20 minutes."
"Cream butter; gradually add 1/2 cup sugar, beating until light and fluffy. Add eggs, beating well. Stir in lemon rind and juice. Combine flour, baking powder and salt; add to creamed mixture, mixing well. Spoon batter into greased muffin (mini 1 3/4-inch) pans, filling 2/3 full. Combine 2 tablespoons sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle evenly over each muffin.  Bake for 15 minutes."
"Mix flour, baking soda, cream of tartar and salt. In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar with electric mixer until fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla.  Gradually stir in flour mixture until blended. Stir in nuts, chopped cranberries and orange peel. Divide dough in half. Wrap and chill about 30 minutes or until firm enough to handle. Shape each half into a 7 inch long roll. Wrap and chill about 3 hours until very firm or freeze. With a very sharp knife cut 1 roll at a time (keep remaining refrigerated) into 1/4 inch slices. Place 1 inch apart on prepared cookie sheets.
Press a cranberry half cut side down in each center.  Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until edges are
golden brown. Remove to rack to cool."
"In medium bowl, combine crust ingredients; reserve 1 tablespoon crumbs for garnish. Press
remaining crumbs over bottom and 2-inches up sides of 10-inch spring-form pan. Refrigerate. In large bowl, combine softened cream cheese and sugar; beat until smooth. Add eggs, one at a
time, beating until well blended after each addition. Add melted chocolate; beat well. Add cream, 2 tablespoons margarine and vanilla; beat until smooth. Pour into prepared crust. Bake for 55 to 60 minutes or until edges are (center of cheesecake will be soft ) cool in pan 5 minutes.  Remove sides of pan. Cool completely. Garnish with reserved crumbs.  Store in refrigerator.  To prevent cracks in top of cheesecake, place pan of water on rack below cheesecake while baking."
"Stir together graham crackers, flour, nuts and 1/4 cup sugar.  Add melted butter, mix until crumbly.  Pat into ungreased 9 inch baking pan.  Bake for 12 minutes.  Cream together cheese and 1/3 cup sugar.  Add egg, lemon peel and juice, mix well. Pour over baked layer.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes.  Sprinkle with graham cracker's  Cool, cut into bars.  Store in refrigerator"
"Place one vanilla wafer in each cupcake paper; set into pans.  Beat together cream cheese, eggs, sugar and vanilla.  Fill each paper 2/3 full.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes.  Refrigerate 1 hour before serving.  Add topping."
"Combine flour, butter and sugar and beat to resemble crumbs.  Pat into 13 x 9 inch pan.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes.  Combine frosting and cheese.  Add eggs, beat until smooth.  Spread over crust.  Sprinkle with nuts.  Bake for 30 minutes.  Cool.  Cut into bars and store in refrigerator."
"Make a graham crust from the crackers, 1/2 cup sugar and butter, by melting butter, crushing crackers and mixing with sugar in a 9 inch pan.  Dissolve gelatin in hot water, add juice from oranges.  Let cool.  Combine cheese, sugar and vanilla; beat until mixed.  Mix with cooled gelatin.  Whip chilled milk until it stands in peaks.  Add to gelatin mixture.  Spread in graham crust over layer of oranges.  Chill until firm.  Save a few oranges to decorate the top."
"Mix cream cheese and sugar.  Blend in Cool Whip.  Put mixture incrust.  Chill about 1 hour.  Top with cherry or blueberry pie filling."
"Butter 8 inch spring form pan.  Mix crumbs, sugar and butter; coat pan completely with mix.  Beat cream cheese until smooth.  Beat in sugar and vanilla.  Beat in eggs and yolks, 1 at a time.  Do not over mix.  Blend in rum and coffee cream; stir in raisins.  Pour batter in prepared pan.  Add enough cold water to roasting pan to come 1 1/2 inches up sides of spring form pan.  Bake for 90 minutes.  Cool completely.  Refrigerate until ready to serve."
"In medium saucepan melt chips and margarine.  Stir in graham crumbs and nuts.  Press half the mixture firmly in bottom of greased 9 inch baking pan.  In large mixing bowl beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Beat in Eagle Brand milk, vanilla and egg, mix well.  Pour into prepared pan.  Top with remaining crumb mixture.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until done.  Cool to room temperature.  Chill before cutting into bars."
"Line cupcake pans with liners.  Place a vanilla wafer in the bottom of each liner.  In small mixing bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, eggs, lemon juice and vanilla; until light and fluffy.  Fill liners 2/3 full with cheese mixture.  Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until set.  Remove from oven and top each with spoonful of pie filling.  Chill."
"Crust:  Cream margarine and brown sugar until light and fluffy.  Add flour and nuts, blend until mixture resembles crumbs.  Set aside 1 cup.  Press remaining mixture into 8 inch pan. Bake for 12 minutes.
Topping: Combine sugar and cream cheese, beating until smooth.  Add egg, milk and lemon juice and beat well.  Spread over mixture of baked crust.  Sprinkle reserved crumbs on top.  Bake for 25 minutes.  Cool and cut into bars.  Keep refrigerated."
"Mix sugar and flour.   Add cream.  Stir.  Add eggs and jam.  Cook over medium heat until quite thick.  Remove from heat.  Add butter and vanilla.  Cool and place in pie shells.  Top with meringue and brown."
"Mix all ingredients and pour into two frozen pie shells which have been thawed.  Use the regular size frozen pie shells for two pies.  Bake for 50 minutes.  Cool before serving."
"Combine sugar, water, cornstarch and jello in pan.  Bring to a boil and cook until thick and clear, cool.  Line cooled pie shells with fresh peaches.  Pour mixture over peaches in shells.  Refrigerate until set.  Top with Cool Whip."
"Dissolve yeast and  teaspoon sugar in in  cup warm water; let stand about 5 minutes.  Combine remaining sugar, salt, butter, and shortening in a large bowl.  Add boiling water, stirring until butter and shortening melt.  Cool slightly.  Add dissolved yeast, stirring well.  Add eggs and 3 cups flour, beating at medium speed until smooth.  Gradually stir in enough remaining flour to make a soft dough.  Place in a well greased bowl, turning to grease top.  Cover and let rise in a warm place 1 to 1 1/2 hours or until doubled in bulk.  Punch down down; turn dough out onto a well floured surface and knead several times. Shope into 2 inch balls andplace in a3 grased 9 inch round pans.  Cover and let rise in a warm place 30 to 40 minutes or until doubled in bulk.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or  until golden"
"Crumble and brown ground beef in a skillet with the onion and garlic.  When meat loses red color, remove from heat and drain off excess fat.  Put meat mixture into a crock pot and add all remaining ingredients.  Stir well.  Cover and cook on low for 6 to 8 hours, stirring occasionally if possible.  Serve hot over hot spaghetti.  May be made ahead and frozen"
"Mix together well all sauce ingredients.  Cover and set aide in refrigerator.  In a separate bowl, combine all main ingredients and put into a loaf pan.  Bake for 55 minutes.  Spread sauce on top of loaf and bake for another 5 minutes."
"Combine flour and salt.  Dip chicken in flour salt mixture.  Arrange chicken in baking dish.  Pour melted butter over chicken.  Bake for 30 minutes.  Mix rest of ingredients together and pour over chicken.  Bake 30 minutes, basting often."
"Slice pears into small slices.  Place pears, pineapple tidbits and juices of both to equal the same amount of juice that is found in the pears.  Add other ingredients and mix well.  Bake for 35 minutes.  Serve warm with vanilla ice cream or cool whip."
"Cream together butter and sugar.  Mix in eggs and vanilla.  Sift flour, soda and salt; stir in oats.  Add dry ingredients to creamed mixture.  Set aside while you make filling.  Spread about 2/3 of oatmeal mixture in bottom of a greased 8 inch pan.  Cover with chocolate mixture.  Dot with remainder of oatmeal mixture and swirl it over chocolate filling.  Bake for 25 to 30o minutes or until lightly browned."
"Beat eggs, add sugar and vanilla and beat well.  Add dry ingredients and mix.  Dump in apples and stir until evenly distributed.  Put in a deep baking dish.  Bake for 45 minutes.  Serve warm."
"Crust:
Mix all ingredients well and pat into a 9 inch pan.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes.

Filling:
Beat ingredients together well and pour over crust while it is still hot.  Bake 15 to 2 minutes.  Cool

Frosting:
Whisk together ingredients and spread evenly on baked, cooled cookies.  Cut into bars."
"Cream shortening and sugar.  Beat in egg, molasses and vinegar.  Sift together dry ingredients and blend into creamed mixture.  Chill 3 hours.  Roll dough on lightly floured surface to 1/8 inch thick. Cut in shapes.  Bake 5 to 6 minutes.  Cool slightly on cookie sheet and then remove to rack."
"Place the ground beef and onion in a large skillet over medium high heat. Saute for 5 to 10 minutes, or until beef is browned and onion is translucent; set aside.  Melt the butter or margarine in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Remove from heat and add the flour, mixing thoroughly.  Add the milk slowly, stirring constantly, and return to the heat. Keep stirring until thickened to desired consistency.
Add the reserved beef mixture, the peas, and season with salt and pepper to taste"
"Grease 2 cookie sheets.  Mix first 4 ingredients together in a small bowl.  Beat butter, sugar and vanilla in a large bowl until light and fluffy.  Beat in egg.  Stir in dry ingredients, then vanilla milk chips and nuts.  Drop cookie dough onto cookie sheet.  Bake 15 minutes.  Cool cookies on sheets for 5 minutes.  Transfer cookies to rack to cool."
"Mix brown sugar, cup of margarine, teaspoon vanilla and eggs.  Stir in the flour, baking soda and 1/2 teaspoon salt; stir in the oats.  Set aside 1/3 of the oat mixture.  Press remaining oat mixture in a greased jelly pan.  Heat 2 tablespoons margarine, the milk and chocolate chips over low heat, stirring constantly, until chocolate is melted.  Remove from heat, stir in nuts, teaspoon vanilla and 1/2 teaspoon salt.  Spread over oat mixture in pan.  Drop the reserved oat mixture onto the chocolate mixture.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes."
"Blend shortening and sugars.  Beat in vanilla, water and eggs.  Sift remaining dry ingredients together and add to the sugar and egg mixture.  Mix well.  Stir in M & M's.  Drop from teaspoon onto ungreased cookie sheet.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes or until golden brown.  For additional color, press extra M & m's into cookies before baking."
"Cream sugar, shortening, butter and extract thoroughly.  Add flour and salt and mix well.  Form into one inch balls, place on cookie sheet and bake 8 to 10 minutes.  Cool on rack.  Dip tops in icing, pink and green, then in coconut."
"Stir flour, cheese, sugar, baking powder and salt together.  In a small bowl, combine beaten eggs, milk and melted margarine; add all at once to dry ingredients.  Stir in quickly until ingredients are just mixed and batter is lumpy in appearance.  Fill greased muffins pans 2/3 full.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes.  Remove from pan and serve warm."
"Bake pie shells according to package instructions for a chiffon pie.  While curst is cooling prepare filling.  Beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Add Eagle brand and egg yolks and beat until smooth.  Stir in lemon juice.  Beat egg whites with salt to soft peaks.  Fold into Eagle brand mixture.  Pour into baked pie shells.  Bake for 30 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched.  Chill and top with cherry pie filling or blueberry."
"Melt butter and stir in sugar, cocoa, egg, crumbs, coconut and walnuts.  Press into bottom of a 9 inch pan.  Combine Eagle Brand with lemon juice.  Blend well and spread onto base.  Sprinkle with toasted almonds or pistachio or drizzle with melted chocolate chips.  Refrigerate until firm about 2 hours.,"
"Soak beans overnight in plenty of water.  Drain.  Place in a large bean crock, the beans, mustard, salt, pepper, sugar, molasses and salt pork.  Mix well and add enough water to cover.  Bury the onion in the centre of the beans.  Cover and bake for 8 to 10 hours.  Add more water if necessary."
"Cookie Base:  Beat together margarine and sugar until fluffy.  Beat in eggs and brandy extract.  Sift together flour, baking powder, salt, ginger, nutmeg and allspice.  Add to creamed mixture; beat, until smooth.  Stir in instant oatmeal.  Spread batter into a greased 13 x 9 inch pan.  Bake 30 minutes.  Cool.
Frosting:  Beat margarine until light and fluffy.  Add icing sugar, a little at a time, beating after each addition.  Beat in brandy extract, a few drops at a time.  Chill.  Frost cookie base before cutting and top each bar with a walnut half."
"base:  Measure flour, soda and sugar in bowl.  Mix and cut in margarine.  Beat egg and milk together.  Make well in dry ingredients and pour in liquid.  Mix and press in 9 inch pan.  Bake 15 to 20 minutes.  Cool.  Spread with jam.

Topping:
Cream butter and sugar together.  Blend in egg yolks, salt, vanilla and coconut.  Beat egg whites until stiff and fold into cream mixture.  Spread evenly over jam and pastry.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes or until brown."
"Add rice to boiling water and salt; bring to a boil, remove from heat and let stand until water is absorbed.  Saut  degrees  onions and meat; add to rice, cool.  Cut core from cabbage, remove outer leaves.  Place cabbage in a deep pan, pour boiling water in hollow until leaves are soft and pliable.  Drain, take leaves apart carefully.   Fill cabbage leaves with meat and rice mixture; roll up tightly.  Arrange rolls in layers in casserole; sprinkle a little salt on each layer.  Combine tomato juice, butter, salt and pepper.  Pour over cabbage rolled until liquid barely shows between the rolls; cover, bake for 1.5 hours."
"Bring beans and water to a boil in a covered saucepan.  Boil two minutes.  Remove from heat and let stand, covered for 1 hour.  Return to boil; reduce heat and simmer, covered for 40 minutes.  Drain beans, reserving 1 1/2 cups liquid.  Combine beans, bean liquid, onion, molasses, mustard and sugar in a casserole dish.  Make cuts in salt pork at 1/2 inch intervals.  Place in centre of beans.  Bake for 4 hours, stirring every hour.  If beans become dry during baking, add boiling water to moisten."
"In large skillet or wok, heat oil over medium high heat.  Add chicken, stir fry until browned.  Reduce heat to medium, add frozen vegetables, mushrooms, onion and red pepper.  Stir fry for 5 minutes. In small bowl combine all sauce ingredients.  Add sauce to wok; stir until thickened.  Cover and simmer for 2 minutes.  Serve with rice."
"Cook pasta as directed on package; drain.  Cook vegetable pouches as directed on package.  In large saucepan, combine cooked pasts, ham and butter.  With wooden spoon, stir over medium heat until butter melts. Remove from heat, stir in broccoli in cheese sauce.  In small bowl, combine cream and eggs; stir into pasta mixture.  Return to low heat and stir gently until sauce thickens.  Serve immediately, sprinkled with Parmesan cheese."
"Bake potatoes in microwave oven, set aside.  Microwave vegetable pouch as directed on package.  In medium microwavable bowl, combine vegetables, ham or tuna, 1/2 cup cheese and green onion.  Cook at high power for 1 minute, stir.  Cut potatoes in half lengthwise, scoop centres out slightly.  Place cut side up in microwaveable dish; spoon filling evenly into potatoes.  Sprinkle with remaining cheese.  Cook, uncovered at high powder for 1 to 2 minutes or until cheese melts."
"In medium bowl, combine crust ingredients.  Press in bottom of 9 inch pan.  Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, cool.  Reduce oven to 350  degrees .  In large bowl beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Add sour cream and lemon peel; blend well.  Pour over crust.  Bake for 1 hour; turn off oven.  Leave cheesecake in oven with door open, until cool.  Refrigerate for several hours.  To prepare topping, drain syrup from raspberries and set aside. In saucepan, combine cornstarch and water.  Blend in raspberry syrup, stir over medium heat until sauce boils and thickens.  Boil sauce for 1 minute.  Remove from heat, stir in raspberries, frozen blueberries and orange juice.  Serve topping spooned over wedges of cheesecake."
"In baking dish, arrange broccoli and chicken.  In small bowl, combine soup, milk and half of the cheese.  Pour over broccoli and chicken.  In cup, combine remaining cheese, bread crumbs and margarine, sprinkle over top.  Bake 10 minutes or until hot."
"In large skillet over medium heat, melt margarine.  Cook onion until tender. Stir in soup, milk and pepper.  Bring to boil.  Add potatoes, stirring carefully to coat slices.  Reduce heat to low.  Cover; simmer 5 minutes or until hot, stirring occasionally.  Sprinkle with bacon.  Garnish with parsley, if desired."
"In large skillet over medium high heat, heat oil.  Brown chops 3 minutes, on each side.  Remove.  Pour off fat.  In same skillet, cook onion, mushrooms and garlic, 2 minutes or until tender.  Stir in soup and milk. Bring to a boil.  Return chops to skillet.  Reduce heat to low.  Cover; simmer 20 to 25 minutes or until tender, turning chops halfway through cooking and stirring occasionally."
"Brownie:  Melt margarine in medium saucepan.  Remove from heat. Add sugar and cocoa mixing until combined.  Add egg white, milk and vanilla.  Mix well.  Add flour, baking powder and baking soda, mixing until smooth.  Stir in nuts.  Spread batter evenly in 9 inch pan sprayed with nonstick cooking spray. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until done.  Cool
Icing:  Combine all ingredients using enough milk to make a smooth drizzle consistency.  Drizzle over brownie.  Let icing set about 30 minutes before cutting."
"In large bowl combine filling ingredients; mix well and turn into crust.  Bake 15 minutes; reduce oven temperature to 350  degrees  and continue baking 35 to 40 minutes or until done.  Cool before cutting.  Garnish with whipped cream and nuts if desired.  Refrigerate leftovers."
"Cream margarine with brown sugar and eggs until light and fluffy.  Add flour and salt; mix until smooth.  Spread in an ungreased 9 inch pan.  Bake 25 minutes.  Cool.  Melt chocolate and margarine over low heat in a saucepan.  Stir constantly until smooth.  Remove from heat.  Stir in icing sugar and eggs. Beat until smooth.  Fold in marshmallows and nuts.  Spread over cookie base. Chill 2 hours.  Store covered in refrigerator."
"Cream margarine and sugar; blend in eggs.  Add bananas and mix well.  Combine flour, baking powder, salt and soda; add to creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk.  Stir in nuts.  Pour into greased and floured 13 x 9 inch pan.  Bake 45 to 50 minutes.  Cool.  Frost with Caramel Frosting."
"Combine margarine, milk and brown sugar in saucepan; bring to boil stirring constantly.  Cool 10 minutes.   Gradually add icing sugar, beating until well blended."
"Beat butter, egg and sugar together.  Combine flour and baking soda; add to butter mixture.  Stir in peppermint extract.  Drop by teaspoonfuls onto greased baking sheets.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes.  Remove from baking sheets and cool on wire racks.  In double boiler over hot (not boiling) water melt chips and paraffin.  Drop cookies into chocolate to coat.  Lift out with a fork and place on wire racks to harden."
"Combine all ingredients, except cherries, in a large bowl.  Blend well and drop by teaspoonfuls, one inch apart, onto a greased baking sheet.  Garnish each with a quarter glace cherry.  Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until lightly browned.  Remove immediately to cookie rack to cool."
"Cream margarine and sugar together.  Blend in flour until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Pat dough evenly into a greased 9 inch square pan.  Bake for 20 minutes.  Combine remaining ingredients.  Spread evenly on shortbread.  Bake an 35 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool thoroughly and cut into bars.  Sprinkle with sifted icing sugar if desired."
"Grease and line a jelly roll pan with waxed paper.  Grease again.  Combine flour, soda and salt.  Beat eggs in small bowl at high seed until light coloured, about 5 minutes.  Gradually add sugar, beating until thick.  Blend in water and chocolate baking liquid.  Fold dry ingredients into egg mixture gently but thoroughly.  Spread in prepared pan.  Bake for 15 to 17minutes or until cake is done.  Loosen edges and turn out of pan immediately onto tea towel sprinkled generously with sifted icing sugar.  Remove waxed paper and trim any crisp edges from cake.  Beginning at narrow edge, roll up cake in towel loosely.  Cool.  Unroll cooled cake.  Spread evenly with sweetened whipped cream.  Reroll.  Even ends by removing slice from each.  Use centres of slices for log bumps.  Frost log completely with Chocolate Butter Icing.  Score with fork to resemble bark.  Sprinkle with icing sugar if desired."
"Combine all ingredients.  Beat until smooth and of good spreading consistency."
"Beat butter, sugar, eggs and extract in large bowl on low speed until blended, then on high speed 5 minutes until light and fluffy.  Combine flour, baking powder and salt.   Add dry ingredients alternately with cream to creamed mixture, mixing lightly after each addition.  Fold in cherries.  Turn batter into greased 12 cup bundt or tube pan.  Bake 65 to 75 minutes.  Cover with foil for last 10 minutes if becoming too brown.  Cool in pan 10 minutes.  Remove from pan; cool completely.  Dust with icing sugar before serving."
"In heavy saucepan over low heat, melt semi sweet chocolate with 1 cup Eagle Brand milk.  Remove from heat, stir in vanilla.  Spread half the mixture into wax paper lined 8 inch pan; chill 10 minutes or until firm.  Hold remaining chocolate mixture at room temperature.  In heavy saucepan over low heat, melt white chocolate with remaining Eagle Brand.  Remove fro mheat; stir in peppermint extract and food colour.  Spread on chilled chocolate layer; chill 10 minutes longer or until firm.  Spread reserved chocolate mixture on mint layer.  Chill 2 hours or until firm.  Turn onto cutting board; peel of paper and cut into squares.  Store loosely covered at room temperature."
"In large mixing bowl, combine crumbs, coconut and nuts.  Add Eagle Brand and rum; mix well.  Chill 4 hours.  Shape into 1 inch balls.  Roll in additional coconut.  Store tightly covered in refrigerator."
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate squares with eagle Brand.  Remove from heat, stir in vanilla.  Chill 2 hours or until firm.  Shape into 1 inch balls and roll in coatings.  Chill 1 hour or until firm.  Store covered at room temperature."
"Mix first 3 ingredients and let stand 10 minutes.  In very large bowl, add hot water, shortening and salt.  Let shortening melt.  Add cold water (mixture should be lukewarm).  Add yeast mixture and stir in flour.  Knead well.  Let rise til double in size, about 1 hour.   Knead and put in pans.  Let rise 1 hour.  Bake for 1 hour."
"Mix all ingredients and pour over meat."
"Use favourite vegetable combination such as: sliced carrots, zucchini and mushrooms; broccoli and cauliflower flowerets and sliced red peppers; sliced carrot, sliced mushrooms and snow peas; frozen mixed vegetables in large pieces.  In large skillet over medium heat, melt margarine.   Stir fry garlic and vegetables until tender crisp.  Stir in soup, milk and cheese, bring to boil.  Reduce heat to low. Cover; simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally.  Pour over fettuccine, toss to coat."
"Remove skin from chicken.  In baking dish, arrange chicken.  Bake 30 minutes.  In small bowl, combine soup, sugar, water, vinegar and sauce;  spoon over chicken.  Bake 30 minutes longer or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear.  Stir sauce before serving.  Serve with rice or noodles."
"Grease three 8x4 inch loaf pans.  Blend together butter, sugar and eggs.  Sift together the flour, salt, baking powder and baking soda. Add to wet ingredients, alternating with orange juice.  Mix in the orange rind, cranberries and walnuts. Stir until just combined and pour into prepared pans.  Bake for 30 to 35 minutes or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean."
"Mix crumbs and butter.  Save 1/4 cup mixture for topping.  Press 2 tablespoons of crumb mixture in bottom and up sides of 8 dessert dishes; chill.  Prepare pudding according to label directions for lemon meringue pie.  Cool; stir often.  Chill Carnation in refrigerator tray until soft ice crystals form around egos of tray (10 to 15 minutes).  Whip until stiff; add lemon juice.  Whip very stiff.  Beat cooled pudding until light and fluffy.  Fold Carnation into pudding.  Spoon into chilled dessert dishes.  Top with peaches and remaining 1/4 cup crumbs.  Chill until ready to serve."
"Dissolve sugar in oil.  Add dry ingredients.  Add carrot, then eggs, one at a time.    Bake for 30 minutes or until done."
"Cream shortening and sugar together.  Add eggs.  Sift dry ingredients together.  Add to creamed mixture.  Stir in milk and vanilla.  Roll on floured board to 1/4 inch thickness.  Cut and place on greased cookie sheet.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes."
"Mix graham crumbs, sugar and melted margarine.   Press half or more of crumb mixture evenly in bottom of pan.  Heat in oven 3 to 5 minutes.  Cool.  In bowl, beat butter, icing sugar and egg until lightly fluffy.  Spread over bottom mixture.  Whip topping. Fold in pineapple.  Spread over margarine mixture.  Sprinkle with remaining cracker crumbs.  Chill at least 12 hours."
"Mix.  Stand 20 minutes.  Put in loaf pan and bake for 45 minutes"
"Combine sugar and oil and mix well.  Add eggs, one at a time.  Add dry ingredients, slowly and pumpkin and raisins.  Bake for 55 to 60 minutes"
"In jar combine first 5 ingredients.  Add remaining ingredients and shake until blended.  Store covered in refrigerator up to 2 weeks.  Shake well before using."
"Sift flour and baking powder together twice.  Beat egg yolks.  Add sugar gradually.  Add creamed butter, salt, nutmeg and 2 tablespoons milk.  Fold in stiffly beaten egg whites.  Blend in dry ingredients and remaining milk; alternately, beginning and ending with dry ingredients.  Add vanilla.  On lightly floured surface pat dough to 1/2 inch thickness.  Cut with doughnut cutter.  Fry in deep fat at a temperature of 360  degrees  (A one inch cube of bread will brown in 1 minute).  Drain on absorbent paper.  Sprinkle with sugar."
"Spoon filling evenly into an ungreased 12 x 20 inch pan.  Distribute pears over filling.  Combine flours, sugar, wheat germ, salt and cinnamon in food processor.  Cut in margarine.  Add to oats in a mixing bowl; blend evenly.   Sprinkle over fruit mixture.  Sprinkle nuts over topping.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown."
"In top of double boiler, melt chocolate over boiling water, stirring occasionally.  Remove from heat, stir in Eagle Brand, salt, vanilla and nuts.  Spread mixture evenly into a waxed paper lined 8 inch pan.  Chill 2 hours or until firm.  Turn fudge onto cutting board, peel off paper and cut into squares.   Tightly cover leftovers."
"In heavy saucepan, dissolve cornstarch in water; stir in Eagle  degrees  Brand and egg yolks. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Remove from heat; add margarine and vanilla. Cool slightly.  Fold in coconut. Slice bananas; dip in lemon juice and drain. Arrange on bottom of pie crust. Pour filling over bananas; cover.   Chill 4 hours or until set. Top with whipped cream. Garnish with toasted coconut and sliced bananas if desired. Refrigerate leftovers."
"In medium bowl, combine oats, flour, coconut, nuts, sugar, baking powder and butter; stir to form a crumbly mixture.  Set aside.  In medium bowl combine sweetened milk and lemon juice.  Pat 1/2 the crumb mixture evenly on bottom of 9 inch baking pan.  Spread milk mixture on top and sprinkle with remaining crumbs.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until lightly browned.  Cool thoroughly before cutting.  Loosely cover any leftovers."
"Boil and mash potatoes.  Crumble bread and crackers and mix in. Stir in egg.  Add onion and apple.  Adjust seasonings to taste."
"In heavy saucepan over low heat, melt chocolate and peanut butter chips, stirring constantly until smooth.  Remove from heat.  Mix in marshmallows and cereal until well coated.  Turn out onto waxed paper and shape into  log by bringing long sides of waxed paper together and pressing firmly.  Wrap tightly in the waxed paper and chill until firm, about 1 hour; slice.  These can also be spread in a pan and cut into squares."
"In large bowl cream together sugar, butter, egg yolk and almond extract, blend in flour.  Beat at low speed for 2 to 3 minutes or until particles are fine.  Press onto bottom of greased 15 x 10 inch jelly roll pan.  In small bowl beat egg white and water until frothy; lightly brush on dough, discarding excess.  Sprinkle almonds over top, lightly pressing in place.  Bake 15 to 20  minutes or until lightly browned.  Cool completely in pan on wire rack."
"Combine ingredients and mix well.  Simmer 5 minutes.  Spread on meat"
"Place spareribs in large roasting pan.  Season to taste.  Add water.  Cover with foil and bake 30 minutes.  Remove foil and cook 15 more minutes.  Separate spareribs and broil, turning often, basting with Honey Barbecue Sauce until crisp and tender."
"Butter a 9 inch baking dish.  Combine flour, 1/2 cup sugar, 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg and salt.  Cut in the butter until the mixture is crumbly.  Mix in almonds.  Refrigerate.  Peel peaches and slice.  Toss sliced peaches with lemon juice, remaining sugar and nutmeg, the cornstarch and almond extract.  Pour the peach mixture in pan and sprinkle crumb topping on top.  Bake 45 minutes or until top is golden brown and juices are bubbling.  Serve warm or cooled."
"In saucepan, combine blueberries, 1/2 cup sugar and water.  Cover, bring to boil, reduce heat and simmer about 5 minutes or until very juicy.  Meanwhile, make dumplings:  Combine flour, baking powder, 2 teaspoons sugar and salt.  Cut in butter until fine.  Add milk all at once, stirring with a fork to make a soft dough; don't over mix.  Quickly drop dough by heaping tablespoons onto simmering blueberry mixture.  Cover tightly and simmer for 15 minutes without lifting lid.  Serve hot."
"Heat fat to 375  degrees .  Cut fish in serving size pieces.  Sift flour, salt and baking powder together and roll fish in mixture.  Beat eggs and stir in milk an and oil.  Add flour left from coating the fish, and stir until smooth.  Dip fish pieces in this batter and fry one or two pieces at a time in hot fat.  Cook until dark golden brown and drain on paper towel.  Serve hot with French fries."
"In a large bowl, cream butter with icing sugar.  Beat in egg, then vanilla.  In a small bowl, using a fork, stir flour with baking powder and salt until all ingredients are well mixed.  Beat flour mixture in 2 batches, into butter mixture, just until flour is moistened.  Spoon half of dough into a row in center of a sheet of waxed paper.  Roll paper around dough and form into a 2 x 6 inch log.  Twist ends to seal.   Repeat with remaining dough.  Refrigerate at least 2 hours or up to 3 days.  Or wrap in foil and freeze for up to 2 months.  To bake, slice logs into 1/4 inch rounds.  Place round 1 1/2 inches apart on cookie sheets.  Bake until lightly browned about 9 minutes.  Transfer to a rack to cool.  Store in airtight container"
"Mix all ingredients and spread evenly over picnic shoulder and continue baking 10 to 20 minutes or until golden."
"Warm honey in saucepan.  Mix with mustard to form a smooth paste.  Spread evenly over picnic shoulder and continue baking for 10 to 20 minutes until golden brown."
"Melt chocolate and butter over hot water, stirring frequently.  In large bowl, at low speed, beat eggs, sugar, vanilla and salt until well blended.   Add chocolate mixture; increase speed to medium and beat 5 minutes.  Stir in flour and nuts just until blended.  Pour into greased and floured jelly roil pan.  Bake for 45 minutes or until brownies begin to pull away from sides of pan.  Cool completely in pan on wire rack.  Spread with chocolate glaze.

Chocolate Glaze:  Melt chocolate over hot water.  Remove from heat.  Slowly stir in yogurt until well blended."
"Combine crumbs and butter; press evenly over bottom of 13 x 9 inch pan.  Stir together condensed milk, peanut butter and egg; pour over base in pan.  Sprinkle with walnuts and coconut; press down gently.  Bake for 25 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool."
"Combine dry ingredients and blend well.  Melt butter.  Remove from heat and stir in lemon juice, eggs and lemon rind.  Stir egg mixture into dry ingredients and stir only to moisten.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes or until nicely browned.  Remove from pan while warm and dip in topping.
Topping:  Combine melted butter and lemon juice.  Measure sugar in separate dish.  Dunk top of muffins into butter, then sugar"
"Grease large muffin tins.  Beat egg in bowl with fork.  Blend in undrained pineapple, milk, margarine and extract.  Combine remaining ingredients, except cherries, in large bowl.  Stir liquid ingredients into dry ingredients, stirring until moistened.  Spoon into muffin tins, generously filling each to the top.  Place one cherry half in centre of each muffin.  Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool.  Store in airtight container.
To toast coconut:  Place on baking sheet, in oven, while preheating, for 3 to 5 minutes or until lightly browned."
"Wash yams, rub their skins with butter and bake until tender about 40 minutes.  Cut in half lengthwise and remove pulp, being careful not to break the skin.  Mash the pulp, add the butter and whip until smooth.  Season with salt and pepper and beat in rum.  Put mixture back in the shells, dust with a little cinnamon and place in oven to brown."
"Blend shortening and sugar.  Add eggs and flavoring. Stir in dry ingredients and cherries.  Roll in a long smooth roll in aluminum foil or waxed paper.  Chill or freeze until needed.  Cut in thin slices and bake on slightly greased cookie sheet 6 to 8 minutes."
"Dough:
Let water become warm before adding yeast mixture and flour.  Combine yeast and sugar in warm water and let stand 10 minutes."
"Mix together flour and salt.  Cut in tenderflake with pastry blender or 2 knives until mixture resembles course oatmeal.  In a 1 cup measure, combine vinegar and egg.  Add water to make 1 cup.  Gradually stir liquid into tenderflake mixture.  Add only enough liquid to make dough cling together.   Gather into a ball and divide into 6 portions.  Roll out each portion on lightly floured surface.

Baked Tarts:  Line tart shells with dough.  Add filling and bake at 375  degrees  for 15 to 20 minutes or as directed in recipe."
"Drain fruit, reserving 1/2 cup syrup.  Combine brown sugar, cornstarch and reserved syrup; add fruit.  Cook, stirring, until  mixture starts to boil; add almond extract.  Keep warm.  Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder and salt.  Cut in margarine.  Add skim milk, stirring to moisten.  Pour fruit mixture into 2 quart casserole dish.  Drop topping by spoonfuls onto mixture.  Bake for 20 minutes or until done."
"Bring to boil.  Boil 5  minutes stirring constantly.  Remove from heat add chocolate chips, marshmallow fluff and vanilla.  Add nuts if desired.  Pour into 9 x 13 inch pan."
"Sift together flour and salt.  Cream butter and sugar.  Add  vanilla and eggs, beat well.  Stir in graham crumbs and mix well.  Add flour mixture, stir until thoroughly combined.  Add chocolate chips and stir until well mixed.  Spread in well greased 9 inch pan.  Bake for 25 to 30 minutes.  Cool.  Frost."
"Microwave butter in 4-quart microwavable bowl on HIGH 1 minute or until melted. Add sugar and milk; mix well. Microwave 5 minutes or until mixture begins to boil, stirring after 3 minutes. Stir well, scraping down sides of bowl. Microwave 5-1/2 minutes; stirring after 3 minutes. Let stand 2 minutes.  Add chocolate; stir until melted. Add marshmallow and vanilla; mix well. Stir in nuts. Pour into greased 13x9-inch pan.  Cool at room temperature; cut into squares."
"Bottom:  Mix all ingredients until crumbly.  Press into 9 inch pan and bake 5 minutes.

Top:   Mix ingredients and pour over bottom and bake 30 minutes.  Cool, top with whipped cream"
"Cream butter and shortening until fluffy, add sugar gradually mixing until creamy.  Add flavouring and then the eggs, one at a time, beating well.  Stir in milk.  Blend in all dry ingredients throoughly.  Slice cherries and chop nuts.  Add to 1/2 cup flour coating well.  Stir into above mixture.  Bake ina loaf pan that has been greased and lined with three layers of wax paper.  Bake for 1.5 hours or until done.  After cake has cooled 5 minutes turn on rack and cool well before storing."
"Blend shortening, sugar. Add beaten eggs and vanilla.  Add dry ingredients alternately with milk.  Add cherries including juice.  Bake 1.5 hours."
"Mix first 5 ingredients and press half in bottom of 9 x 12 inch pan.

Filling:  Combine and cook until thick.  Spread over base and cover with rest of crumbs.  Bake for 25 minutes."
"Soak coconut in milk for 10 minutes.   Meanwhile cream margarine and sugar; add vanilla, eggs, flour, baking powder and salt.  Stir in milk and coconut mixture; mix well.  Bake in a greased tube pan 50 minutes.  If if desired or make a thin glaze and let it drizzle down over the cake, decorate with thinly sliced cherries."
"Butter two baking sheets. Onto a piece of wax paper, sift the flour and salt. In a medium-size bowl, with an electric mixer on high, cream the butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Blend in the vanilla.   Using a wooden spoon, stir in the flour mixture, then the pecans. Dust your hands with a little of the confectioners sugar and roll the dough into 1-inch balls. Place 2 inches apart on the baking sheets and bake for 25 minutes or just until light brown.  Transfer to racks to cool for 15 minutes, then roll in the confectioners sugar. These cookies keep well in an airtight container for up to 2 weeks. Do not freeze them."
"In 13x9-inch baking pan, melt margarine in oven. Sprinkle crumbs evenly over margarine. Top evenly with coconut then Eagle Brand.   Bake 25 minutes our until lightly browned. In small saucepan, over low heat, melt chips with peanut butter. Spread evenly over hot coconut layer.
 Cool 30 minutes. Chill. Cut into bars. Store loosely covered at room temperature."
"In heavy saucepan; over low heat, melt chips with Eagle Brand and salt. Remove from heat; stir in nuts if desired and vanilla. Spread evenly into wax paper lined 8- or 9-inch square pan
 Chill 2 hours or until firm. Turn fudge onto cutting board, peel off paper and cut into squares. Store covered in refrigerator."
"Combine crumbs, sugar and margarine; press firmly on bottom of 9-inch spring form pan.  With mixer, beat cream cheese in large bowl until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand until smooth. Add eggs and Real Lemon; mix well.  Pour into prepared pan. Bake 50 to 55 minutes or until center is set; top with sour cream. Bake 5 minutes longer. Cool 1 hour. Chill at least 4 hours.
 Serve with Raspberry Sauce if desired. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"Over low heat, melt chocolate with Eagle Brand, vanilla and salt. Remove from heat; stir in cherries. Spread into foil-lined 8 or 9-inch square pan.   Chill 2 hours or until firm.   Turn fudge onto cutting board; peel off foil and cut into squares. Store covered in refrigerator."
"With mixer, beat cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand until smooth. Stir in Real Lemon  degrees  and vanilla. Spoon into crusts.   Chill 2 hours or until set.   Just before serving, top with fruit; brush with jelly if desired. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Sift together flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and soda in a bowl. Stir in Quick Quaker Oats. Add remaining ingredients; stir only until dry ingredients are moistened. Fill medium sized greased muffin cups 1/2 full. Bake for 20 minutes. Serve piping hot."
"In large mixing bowl, combine sugars, butter, eggs and vanilla.  Beat at medium speed until well blended.  Add flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt.  Beat at low speed until soft dough forms.  Stir in chips and walnuts.  Drop dough by heaping tablespoons 3 inches apart onto ungreased cookie sheets.  Bake for 8 to 10 minutes, or until set.  Let cool 1 minute before removing from cookie sheets.  Cool completely before storing."
"Microwave chocolate and milk in large microwavable bowl on high 2 minutes or until chocolate is almost melted, stirring after 1 minute. Stir until chocolate is completely melted.
Stir in vanilla and nuts. Spread in foil-lined 8-inch square pan. Refrigerate 2 hours or until firm. Cut into squares."
"Spray 8-inch square pan with no stick cooking spray.  Mix corn syrup and evaporated milk in 2-quart saucepan. Add chocolate. Cook on medium-low heat until chocolate is completely melted, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in powdered sugar, vanilla and nuts. Beat with wooden spoon until thick and glossy. Immediately spread into prepared pan. Refrigerate 2 hours or until firm. Let stand at room temperature 15 minutes before cutting into 1-inch squares."
"Crust:
In a large bowl, beat flour, sugar and butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Press firmly and evenly into greased foil lined 15 x 10 inch cookie sheet with sides.  Bake for 20 minutes.

Filling:
Place 6 squares of chocolate and syrup in saucepan.  Over low heat, stir until chocolate melts; remove from heat.  Stir in sugar, eggs and vanilla until blended.  Stir in pecans.  Pour filling over hot crust; spread evenly.  Bake for 30 minutes or until filling is firm around edges and slightly soft in centre.   Do not over bake filling; it should be soft and slightly runny.  Cool in pan on rack.

Drizzle:
Melt chocolate over hot water or in microwave on medium power for 2 to 3 minutes.  Drizzle over top (use a small spoon dipped in melted chocolate.  Gently tap spoon over bars for a random drizzled effect).  Cool; cut into squares."
"Melt chocolate and butter over hot water or in microwave on medium 4 minutes; remove and blend well.  Cool.  Beat eggs until lemon colored.  Gradually add sugar, beating until thick, about 3 minutes.  Stir in chocolate mixture.  Fold in flour, vanilla and nuts.  Pour into two greased and floured 8 inch square pans.  Bake for 35 to 40 minutes.  Do not over bake,  Freezes well."
"Mix all ingredients together.  Boil any meat until done about 40 minutes for chicken pieces.  Simmer 1/2 hour at lowest heat on stove.  Make Hamburg into tiny balls for cooking."
"Put sugar, margarine, milk and chocolate in saucepan on stove.  Bring to a boil, then reduce heat and cook for 3 minutes,  add remainder of ingredients.  Drop by teaspoon on a greased cookie sheet and put in fridge to cool."
"Dice onions and celery.  Saut  degrees  in large pot until transparent.  Add flour and stir into oatmeal consistency.  Add fish stock from whatever fish you are using.  After adding stock if still too thick add fresh milk.  If you like it thick add just enough milk to your liking.   (Don't forget your adding diced potatoes which will thicken it some more because of the starch).  Add diced potatoes.   Add savory to taste.  Slow cook until potatoes are done.  Add salt and pepper to taste."
"Blend together first three ingredients until smooth.  Put in 9 inch dish.  Put in layers seafood chili sauce, onion and peppers.  Spread with cheese.  Serve with taco chips or crackers."
"Blend all ingredients together.  Put in loaf pan and bake for 45 to 60 minutes."
"In large bowl, combine 1 1/2 cups flour, sugar, undissolved yeast, and salt. Gradually add warm milk, warm water, and butter; beat 2 minutes at medium speed of electric mixer, scraping bowl occasionally. Add 1 egg and 1/2 cup flour; beat 2 minutes at high speed. With spoon, stir in enough remaining flour to make soft dough. Grease top; cover tightly with plastic wrap and refrigerate 2 to 24 hours.   Remove from refrigerator. Punch dough down. Remove dough to lightly floured surface. Shape as desired. Place rolls, about 2 inches apart, on greased baking sheets (or in other pans as directed). Cover; let rise in warm, draft-free place until doubled in size, about 20 to 40 minutes.   Beat remaining egg; brush on rolls. If desired, sprinkle with poppy or sesame seed. Bake  for 15 to 20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from sheets or pans; let cool on wire racks.
PAN ROLLS: Divide dough into 18 equal pieces. Roll each piece into ball. Place 9 balls in each of 2 greased 8-inch round baking pans.
LUCKY CLOVERS: Divide dough into 18 equal pieces. Roll each piece into ball. Place balls in 18 greased 2 1/2-inch muffin pan cups. Let rise as directed. Just before baking: With scissors, snip each roll in half, then in quarters, cutting to bottom but not through roll.
CRESCENTS: Divide dough in half. Roll each half to 16-inch circle. With sharp knife, cut each circle into 12 wedges. Roll up tightly from wide end. Place rolls, with points down, on greased baking sheets. Curve ends to form crescents.
KNOTS: Divide dough into 24 equal pieces. Roll each piece to 9-inch rope. Tie loose knot in center of each rope.
COILS: Divide dough into 24 equal pieces. Roll each piece to 9-inch rope. Coil each rope and tuck end under coil.
TWISTS: Divide dough into 24 equal pieces. Roll to 12-inch ropes. Fold each rope in half and twist three to four times. Pinch ends to seal.
CLOVERLEAF ROLLS: Divide dough into 18 equal pieces. Divide each again into 3 equal pieces."
"In a medium bowl, mix together butter, sugar, and 1 cup flour.   Press into the bottom of an ungreased 9x13 inch pan.  Bake for 25 minutes. In small saucepan, bring apricots and water to a boil, and cook for 10  minutes. Drain, chop, and set aside to cool.  In a medium bowl, beat eggs and brown sugar. Stir in 1/3 cup flour, baking powder, salt, vanilla, and lemon  juice. Fold in nuts and chopped apricots. Stir in coconut, if desired. Pour over the prepared crust.  Bake for an additional 20 minutes, or until firm. Cool, and dust with confectioners' sugar before cutting into squares."
"Mix soup, sour cream and 3/4 cup of the Parmesan cheese in large bowl. Add spaghetti, broccoli and turkey; mix lightly. Spoon into 2-quart casserole. Sprinkle with remaining 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese.  Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until thoroughly heated."
"Sift dry ingredients together. Cream butter, then add eggs and vanilla and mix well. Add dry ingredients. Spread half mixture in a greased 10 x 15-inch cookie sheet. Spread generously with jam. Crumble remaining dough over jam. Bake  for 45 minutes or until lightly browned."
"Cream butter and add sugar gradually. Cream together until fluffy. Add egg yolk and mix well. Add flour, a small amount at a time. Add vanilla, cherries, and almonds. Roll into 2-inch logs. Refrigerate until firm or overnight. Slice thinly. Bake on greased sheet for 4 to 5 minutes or until lightly browned."
"Grease and flour two 9 x 5-inch loaf pans.  Combine flour, pumpkin pie spice, baking soda and salt in large bowl. Combine sugar, pumpkin, eggs, vegetable oil and orange juice in large mixer bowl; beat until just blended. Add pumpkin mixture to flour mixture; stir just until moistened. Fold in cranberries. Spoon batter into prepared loaf pans.  Bake for 60 to 65 minutes or until wooden pick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans on wire racks for 10 minutes; remove to wire racks to cool completely."
"In a large bowl, stir together ground beef, crushed crackers, cheddar cheese and onion soup mix until well combined. In a separate bowl, stir together eggs, ketchup and steak sauce until smooth. Stir the egg mixture into the beef mixture, adding a little water if necessary. Shape into a loaf and place in a 9x5 inch loaf pan.  Bake  45 to 60 minutes, until no longer pink."
"In a very large bowl, combine all the ingredients,  mixing thoroughly. This is a heavy dough.  Roll out to 1/2-inch thick.  Cut the dough with a 4-inch round cutter.  Fold over double and place scones on lightly oiled cookie sheet.  Bake 15-20 minutes.  Tops are a golden brown when done. Serve warm with real butter, Lemon Curd, or Mock Devonshire Cream. Makes 120 scones"
"In large mixer bowl, combine Eagle Brand, extract and food coloring if desired. Add 6 cups sugar; beat on low speed until smooth and well blended. Turn mixture onto surface sprinkled with confectioners  degrees  sugar.  Knead lightly to form smooth ball. Shape into 1-inch balls. Place 2 inches apart on wax paper-lined baking sheets. Flatten each ball into a 1   degrees -inch patty.  Let dry 1 hour or longer; turn over and let dry at least 1 hour. With fork, dip each patty into warm candy coating (draw fork lightly across rim of pan to remove excess coating). Invert onto wax paper-lined baking sheets; let stand until firm. Store covered at room temperature or in refrigerator."
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chips with Eagle Brand and salt. Remove from heat; stir in nuts and vanilla.  Spread evenly into wax paper lined 8- or 9-inch square pan. Chill 2 hours or until firm. Turn fudge onto cutting board; peel off paper and cut into squares. Store loosely covered at room temperature.

Creamy Dark Chocolate Fudge: Melt 2 cups miniature marshmallows with chips and Eagle Brand. Proceed as above.

Milk Chocolate Fudge: Omit 1 (6-oz) package semi-sweet chocolate chips. Add 1 cup milk chocolate chips. Proceed as above.

Rocky Road Fudge: Omit 1 (6-oz.) package semi-sweet chocolate chips, salt, nuts, and vanilla. In saucepan, melt chips with Eagle Brand and 2 tablespoons margarine or butter. In large bowl, combine 2 cups dry-roasted peanuts and 1 (10 1/2-oz) package miniature marshmallows. Stir in chocolate mixture. Spread in wax paper-lined 13 x 9-inch pan. Proceed as above. (Makes about 2 3/4 pounds)"
"Beat egg yolks in medium-size bowl with rotary beater or fork; gradually beat in Eagle  degrees  Brand and lemon juice. Stir in food coloring if desired. Pour into pastry shell or crumb crust.   Bake 30 to 35 minutes or until set. Remove from oven. Cool 1 hour. Chill at least 3 hours.   Before serving, spread whipped topping or whipped cream over pie. Store leftovers covered in refrigerat"
"Mix soup and milk in 2-qt. microwave-safe casserole. Add broccoli. Cover and microwave on high 8 min. or until broccoli is tender-crisp, stirring once."
"Heat oil in skillet. Add chops and cook until browned.  Add soup and water. Heat to a boil. Cover and cook over low heat 5 min. or until done."
"Coat a 9" x 13" baking pan with nonstick cooking spray. In a large bowl, with an electric beater on medium speed, beat the flour, brown sugar, butter, fruit cocktail, eggs, baking soda, and salt for 2 minutes, or until smooth. Pour into the baking pan. Sprinkle the chocolate chips and pecans evenly over the top. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes, or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Allow to cool completely, then cut into squares and serve."
"Cut up roast into small chunks. Brown in a large skillet with chopped up onion. Add ginger after meat is browned. Add entire bottle of soy sauce and 1 cup water.  Simmer 30 minutes. Cook rice. Serve the ginger beef over rice."
"In large mixer bowl, combine cake mix, oil and egg; beat on medium speed until crumbly. Stir in nuts. Reserving 1 1/2 cups crumb mixture, press remainder on bottom of greased 13x9-inch baking pan.   In small sacuepan, combine Eagle Brand and remaining ingredients. Over medium heat, cook, and stir until chips melt.   Pour evenly over prepared crust. Sprinkle reserved crumb mixture evenly over top. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until bubbly. Cool thoroughly. Cut into bars. Store loosely covered at room temperature."
"Prepare pasta as directed on package, adding broccoli during last 4 minutes of pasta cooking time. Drain; return to pan. Add remaining ingredients; toss to coat"
"Place chocolate chips, broken pieces of German chocolate, nuts and Marshmallow Creme in large bowl. Mix sugar, salt, butter and milk in a pan and bring to a boil on stove.  Boil for 6 minutes. Pour hot mixture over chocolate, nuts and marshmallow mixture until melted and blended. Pour fudge into buttered pan (9 x 13-inches). Let set about 2 hours before cutting."
"Combine sugar, margarine and milk in heavy saucepan; bring to full rolling boil, stirring constantly. Continue boiling 5 minutes over medium heat or until candy thermometer
reaches 234 degrees, stirring constantly to prevent scorching. Remove from heat; stir in chocolate pieces until melted. Add Marshmallow Creme, nuts and vanilla. Beat until well blended. Pour into a greased 13 x 9-inch pan. Cool at room temperature; cut into squares."
"Combine sugar, butter, milk, fluff and salt; stir over low heat until blended. Bring to a full boil over moderate heat. Boil slowly for 5 minutes; stir. Remove from heat; stir in chocolate and vanilla until melted. Turn into 9 x 9-inch pan; cool."
"Combine cracker crumbs, sugar and margarine; press firmly on bottom of 9-inch spring form pan.  In large mixer bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Gradually beat in Eagle Brand until smooth.  Add eggs, flour, vanilla and rind; mix well.  Pour into prepared pan.  Bake 1 hour or until lightly browned.  Cool. Chill. Garnish as desired.  Refrigerate leftovers."
"In medium saucepan, melt chocolate with Eagle Brand and caramel topping.  Pour into serving bowl or individual cups.  Serve with desired dippers."
"In medium mixer bowl, combine crumbs, pecans, sugar and melted margarine; mix well. Reserve 1/3 cup. Press remaining mixture into a 13x9x2-inch baking pan. Bake 6 minutes.
Remove and cool on wire rack.  Meanwhile, in a large mixer bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy.  Gradually beat in Eagle Brand. Add eggs; beat until just combined. Stir in lemon juice. Carefully spoon mixture atop crust in pan. Spoon resserved crumb mixture to make diagonal stripes on top of cheese mixture or sprinkle to cover.  Bake about 30 minutes or until knife inserted near center comes out clean. Cool on wire rack 1 hour. Store in refrigerator. Cut into bars to serve."
"In ungreased 13 x 9 x 2 inch baking pan, combine cherry pie filling, blueberries, raspberries, corn starch and 2 tablespoons sugar, set aside.  Stir together flour, 1/4 cup sugar, baking powder and salt. With pastry blender or 2 knives cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Add milk, mix lightly with fork until just combined. Drop spoonfuls of batter onto fruit mixture.  Bake for 35 to 40 minutes or until browned and bubbly. Makes 6 to 8 servings.

* Or substitute E.D. SMITH STRAWBERRY or APPLE CHERRY PIE FILLING."
"In large mixer bowl, beat butter and sugar until light. Add flour, oats and nuts; mix well. Press mixture over bottom of 13 x 19 x 2 inch rectangular baking pan.  Bake 10 to 12 minutes. Spread rhubarb/ strawberry pie filling over prepared crust. Combine sweetened condensed milk, sour cream, lemon juice and water. Carefully spread over pie filling. Return pan to oven and bake 15-20 minutes longer or until done.   Cool then chill. Cut into squares and garnish if desired"
"In a large skillet, heat the oil over medium-high heat until hot. Add the mushrooms, bell peppers, and onions, and saut  degrees  for 4 to 5 minutes, or until tender. Remove the vegetables to a bowl, reserving the drippings in the skillet.  Season the steak with the salt and black pepper, and brown in the skillet over medium-high heat.  In a medium bowl, combine the soup, wine, and water; mix well and pour over the browned steak. Reduce the heat to low, cover, and simmer for 45 minutes.  Stir the vegetables and the browning and seasoning sauce into the steak mixture; cook uncovered for 8 to 10 minutes, or until the sauce is thickened.
SERVING TIP: This makes a hearty dish served over warm cooked rice"
"In a large bowl, beat 1/2 cup butter and the cream cheese until creamy. Add the flour, beating until well combined. Cover and chill the dough for 30 minutes.  In another large bowl, combine the remaining ingredients, including the remaining 1 tablespoon butter; stir until well combined.
Shape the chilled dough into twenty-four 1-inch balls. Place each dough ball in an ungreased mini muffin cup. Using your thumb, press the dough into each cup, forming a crust. Spoon the pecan mixture into the crusts, filling them three-quarters full.  Bake for 35 to 40 minutes, or until the filling is firm and the crust is golden. Cool slightly, and remove to a wire rack to cool completely. Serve, or cover and chill until ready to serve."
"Beat together butter and sugar until creamy.  Add eggs and vanilla; mix well.  Add flour, soda, salt and cinnamon; mix well.  Stir in oats, raisins and nuts.  Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls onto ungreased cookie sheet.  Bake 10 to 12 minutes or until light golden brown.  Cool 1 minute oncookie sheet; remove to wire rack.  Cool completely."
"Mix the above ingredients and serve with raw vegetables"
"Sauce: Saut  degrees  onions and garlic until transparent in a little olive oil. Combine remaining ingredients. Simmer several hours until smooth and thick.

Noodles: Saut  degrees  onions in a small amount of olive oil. Add garlic. Grown ground beef, sausage, and mushrooms. Cool mixture. Mix the 2 beaten eggs into the mixture. Add salt and pepper. Toss cheeses together, set aside. Spread small amount of sauce in the bottom of a 9 x 13-inch pan. Line it with the noodles. Layer the meat mixture, sauce and the combination of cheese. Repeat this step ending with noodles on top. Spread remaining sauce, topped with the rest of the cheese. Bake  for one hour."
"Grease a 2 quart casserole dish.  Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil, add noodles, and cook until al dente; drain.  In a large mixing bowl, combine noodles, tuna, celery, cream soup, mushroom and green onion. Stir in sour cream, mustard, and mayonnaise. Season with salt and thyme. Spoon 1/2 of the noodle mixture into the prepared casserole dish. Arrange a layer of zucchini over the mixture. Top with the remaining noodles, followed by a layer of zucchini. Top the entire casserole with cheese.  Bake 30 minutes, or until hot and bubbly. Sprinkle the casserole with tomatoes before serving."
""
"In a medium bowl, combine grated carrots and brown    sugar. Set aside for 60 minutes, then stir in raisins.  Grease and flour two 10 inch cake pans.  In a large bowl, beat eggs until light. Gradually beat  in the white sugar, oil and vanilla. Stir in the pineapple. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon,  stir into the wet mixture until absorbed. Finally stir in the carrot mixture and the walnuts. Pour evenly into the  prepared pans.Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or  until  cake tests done with a toothpick. Cool for 10 minutes  before removing from pan. When completely cooled, frost with cream cheese frosting."
"Grease cookie sheets or line with parchment paper.  In a large bowl, cream together the butter and brown sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs one at a time, stir in the crushed pineapple, carrots and raisins. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda, salt and cinnamon; stir    into the carrot mixture. Mix in the walnuts if desired.  Drop by rounded spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheets.  Bake for 15 to 20 minutes pr  until  bottoms begin to brown and cookies are set. Allow cookies to  cool for a few minutes on the cookie sheets before removing  to wire racks to cool completely."
"Set oven control to broil. Grease broiler pan rack.  Place fish on rack in broiler pan. Broil with tops about 4 inches from heat 4 minutes; turn. Broil about 4 minutes longer or until fish flakes easily with fork.   Meanwhile, mix remaining ingredients; spoon onto fish.  To grill: Brush grill rack with vegetable oil. Heat grill to medium heat. Place fish on grill rack. Cover and grill 5 to 6 inches from heat 10 to 20 minutes, turning once, until fish flakes easily with fork. Meanwhile, mix remaining ingredients; spoon onto fish during last minute of cooking."
"Cut chicken breast in half. Cut lemon in half, and squeeze juice from 1/2 lemon on chicken. Season with salt to taste. Let sit while you heat oil in a small skillet over medium low heat.
When oil is hot, put chicken in skillet. As you saute chicken, add juice from other 1/2 lemon, pepper to taste, and oregano. Saute for 5 to 10 minutes each side, or until juices run clear. Serve with parsley for garnish."
"Combine flour, sugar, cornmeal, baking powder, and salt in a bowl or an electric mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Cut in butter until texture resembles coarse meal. Combine sour cream and water and blend in just until dough comes together. Shape into a disc, wrap, and chill for at least 1 hour before using."
"Combine the flour, sugar, and butter in a medium bowl. With a pastry blender, cut the ingredients together so that the mixture is crumbly. Combine the egg yolks and 1 Tablespoon of the heavy cream in a small bowl and mix them together well. Add the egg yolk mixture to the flour mixture and blend them together so that a smooth ball is formed (add the remaining 1 Tablespoon of cream if necessary.)

Place the dough on a lightly floured surface and divide it in half. Press each half into a 1-inch thick circle. Wrap the circles in plastic wrap and refrigerate them for 1 hour. . On a lightly floured surface, roll the dough out to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Fill it with the desired filling. Bake the pie crust for 25 minutes or until it is set.

Makes 1 9inch tart"
"Rinse chicken; pat dry. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place chicken in plastic bag set in shallow dish.  For marinade combine ReaLemon  degrees , ReaLime, orange juice, oil, sugar and oregano in small bowl. Pour over chicken; seal bag. Marinate in refrigerator 4 to 24 hours, turning occasionally. Drain chicken, reserving marinade.  Grill chicken on rack of uncovered grill directly over medium coals 12 to 15 minutes or until tender and no longer pink, turning once and brushing occasionally with marinade during first half of cooking.  Or, broil on ungeated rack of broiler pan 4 to 5 inches from heat 12 to 15 minutes, turning once and brushing occasionally with marinade during first half of cooking. Discard any remaining marinade."
"To prepare pastry, process almonds in a food processor until ground. Add 1 cup flour and   degrees  cup sugar; pulse to combine. Add   degrees  cup butter or margarine; process until mixture is crumbly. Add 1 egg and 1 teaspoon ReaLemon; process until dough forms a ball. Cover and chill.
Press pastry into a lightly greased 9-inch tart pan   Stir together 1   degrees  cups sugar and next 4 ingredients until blended; pour into pan  Bake  50-55 minutes or until set. Cool on a wire rack. Arrange strawberries on top"
"Drain juice from clams into a large skillet over the onions, celery, potatoes and carrots. Add water to cover, and cook over medium heat until tender.  Meanwhile, in a large, heavy saucepan, melt the butter over medium heat. Whisk in flour until smooth. Whisk in cream and stir constantly until thick and smooth. Stir in vegetables and clam juice. Heat through, but do not boil.  Stir in clams just before serving. If they cook too much they get tough. When clams are heated through, stir in vinegar, and season with salt and pepper."
"Mix flour and salt.  Mix milk and oil together.  Pour into flour and salt mixture and mix until dough forms a ball.  Divide in half. Roll each half between two sheets of waxed paper. Peel off one side of the paper. Invert and place dough (with the other piece of wax paper still clinging) over pie pan. Remove (CAREFULLY) the wax paper.  For top crust (if used) roll out in same manner as bottom crust, only cut slits in it for steam release when using for fruit pies"
"Bottom:
Mix ingredients together and put in a 9 x 12 inch pan.  Chill

Middle;
Mix all ingredients together and pour over bottom mixture.  Top with pineapple and bananas.  Put whippled cream (dream whip), top with coconut or nuts."
"Cook fusilli according to package directions.  Drain and rinse in cold water to cool.  Combine fusilli with pepper, onion, parsley, cheese and tomatoes.  Add dressing and toss to coat."
"Spray cookie sheet with cooking spray.   In large bowl, combine flour, oats, 1/4 cup granulated sugar, baking powder and salt; mix well. Cut in butter with pastry blender or two knives until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. In small bowl, combine milk, egg and vanilla; blend well. Add to dry ingredients all at once; stir with fork or rubber spatula until dry ingredients are moistened. In small bowl, combine remaining 2 tablespoons granulated sugar with the pecans and cinnamon; mix well. Sprinkle evenly over dough in bowl; gently stir batter to swirl in cinnamon mixture (Do not blend completely.) Drop dough by 1/4 cupfuls 2 inches apart on cookie sheet.   Bake 11 to 13 minutes or until golden brown. Remove to wire rack; cool 5 minutes. In small bowl, combine powdered sugar and enough orange juice for desired consistency; mix until smooth. Drizzle over top of warm scones. Serve warm."
"Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.  While pasta is cooking, melt cream cheese and butter in a skillet over low heat. Stir until smooth. Stir in milk, and season with garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Simmer for 3 minutes or until thickened, stirring constantly. Mix in chicken, broccoli, zucchini, and red pepper. Cook 3 minutes over medium heat, then reduce heat and simmer 5 minutes, or until vegetables are tender. Serve over fettuccine."
"Cook and drain fettuccine as directed on package. Return to saucepan.  Stir together butter, ricotta cheese and 1/3 cup of the Parmesan cheese. Toss with hot fettuccine.   Top pasta with tomato, basil and remaining Parmesan cheese."
"Cook bacon until crisp. Drain on paper towels.   In medium bowl beat together eggs and cream just until blended. Stir in cheese and set aside.   Cook pasta according to package directions. Drain and return to pan. Toss with butter until it is melted. Add bacon and cheese mixture and toss gently until mixed."
"Grease a muffin tin, or line with paper liners.   In a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the eggs one at a time, then stir in the buttermilk, yogurt, and lemon juice. Combine the flour and baking powder; stir into the yogurt mixture until just blended. Fold in strawberries. Spoon the batter into the prepared muffin cups.  Bake for 15 to 18 minutes, or until the top springs back when lightly touched. Cool in the pan over a wire rack."
"Grease sides and bottom of a 10 inch deep-dish pie pan.   In a medium mixing bowl, mix together flour, salt, baking powder and pudding mix. Mix in butter, egg and milk. Beat for 2 minutes. Pour mixture into pie pan. Arrange the peach slices on top of the pudding mixture.  In a small mixing bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Add 1/2 cup sugar and 3 tablespoons reserved peach syrup. Beat for 2 minutes. Spoon mixture over peaches to within 1 inch of pan edge. Mix together 1 tablespoon sugar and 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and sprinkle over top.   Bake for 30 to 35 minutes, until golden brown. Chill before serving"
"In a large skillet over medium high heat, saute the ground beef for 5 minutes, or until browned; drain excess fat.   Prepare the spaghetti according to package directions; drain water.  In a 2 quart casserole, combine the browned beef, cooked spaghetti, tomatoes, onion soup mix, sour cream, basil, garlic powder and salt and pepper to taste. Mix together well.  Cover dish and bake  for 15 minutes. Top with the cheese and bake, uncovered, for 15 more minutes."
"In medium bowl, combine flour and brown sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Press mixture on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 15 minutes.   Meanwhile, combine pecans, Eagle Brand, eggs and lemon juice; pour over crust. Bake 25 minutes or until filling is set. Cool. Cut into bars. Store covered at room temperature"
"Remove fat from chicken. Spray 12-inch nonstick skillet with cooking spray; heat over medium heat. Cook chicken in skillet 2 minutes on each side; reduce heat to medium-low. Stir in milk, broth and onion. Cook about 5 minutes, turning chicken occasionally, until onion is tender.   Stir in spinach. Cook 3 to 4 minutes, stirring occasionally, until spinach is completely wilted and juice of chicken is no longer pink when centers of thickest pieces are cut. Remove chicken from skillet; keep warm.  Increase heat to medium. Cook spinach mixture about 3 minutes or until liquid has almost evaporated. Stir in salt, pepper and nutmeg. Serve chicken on spinach."
"Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil, add pasta, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes. Drain, and return pasta to the pot.  Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat. Cook garlic, lemon pepper seasoning, and shrimp in oil until shrimp is done.   Toss pasta with shrimp and Parmesan cheese."
"Heat wok or 12-inch skillet over high heat. Add oil; rotate wok to coat side.  Add beef to wok; stir-fry about 2 minutes or until brown. Add bell pepper and onion; stir-fry about 1 minute or until vegetables are crisp-tender. Stir in hoisin sauce; cook and stir about 30 seconds or until hot. Serve with noodles."
"Place the blueberries into an 8x8 inch square baking dish. In a medium bowl, cream together the margarine and 3/4 cup sugar until smooth. Stir the flour into the creamed mixture alternately with the milk. Spoon batter over blueberries. Mix together the remaining 3/4 cup sugar with the cornstarch and nutmeg. Sprinkle over the top. Pour boiling water over the whole thing.   Bake for 1 hour in the preheated oven. Cool for at least 10 minutes to set. Serve with whipped topping or vanilla ice cream."
"In large mixing bowl, beat cheese until fluffy; gradually beat in sweetened condensed milk until smooth.   On low speed, beat in water and pudding mix until smooth.   Chill 10 minutes. Fold in whipped cream. Spread half the pudding mixture in prepared pastry shell; top with half the cherry pie filling. Repeat.   Chill 2 hours or until set. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Mix together 1 cup white sugar and 3 tablespoons flour. Mix in the strawberries and rhubarb until well mixed. Place mixture in a 9 x 13 inch baking or casserole pan.  Mix together brown sugar, 1 1/2 cups flour, butter or margarine and oats until crumbly. You may want to use a pastry blender for this. Crumble on top of rhubarb/strawberry mixture.   Bake for 45 minutes."
"Heat 1 tablespoon of the oil in 12-inch skillet or wok over high heat. Add chicken; stir-fry about 3 minutes or until no longer pink in center. Remove from skillet.   Heat remaining 1 tablespoon oil in skillet. Add vegetables and garlic; stir-fry about 2 minutes or until vegetables are crisp-tender. Add chicken and stir-fry sauce. Cook and stir about 2 minutes or until hot."
"Season pork chops with salt, pepper, and garlic salt to taste.  In a large skillet, brown the chops over medium-high heat. Add the onion and mushrooms, and saute for one minute. Pour cream of mushroom soup over chops. Cover skillet, and reduce temperature to medium-low. Simmer 20 to 30 minutes, or until chops are cooked through."
"Process brown sugar, bourbon, soy sauce, and garlic in a food processor or blender to mince garlic with other ingredients. Pour over ribs, and marinate for several hours in the refrigerator.
Preheat an outdoor grill for medium heat, and lightly oil grate.   Place ribs on grate, and cover. Cook for 45 minutes to 1 hour depending on thickness of your ribs.

These are best cooked on the grill, but you can remove them from the marinade and bake them in the oven at 350 degrees. This marinade is excellent on prime rib, fish or chicken. Serve with a crispy salad and garlic cheese potatoes for a great dinner! ""
"Heat Alfredo sauce in a medium saucepan over medium heat.  Place salmon in a baking dish. Mix the lemon juice and vinegar in a small bowl, and pour over the salmon. Season with basil and parsley.    Bake salmon 15 minutes in the preheated oven, until easily flaked with a fork. Remove from heat, and break into bite sized pieces.   Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add rotini, and cook 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente. Drain, and place in a large bowl.   Gently toss the salmon, pasta, and Alfredo sauce together in the large bowl. Serve with the Parmesan cheese."
"Lightly grease 2 muffin pans, or use paper liners.   In a large bowl, mix together flour, baking powder, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1/4 teaspoon nutmeg, allspice and salt. Mix in brown sugar, white sugar and coconut. In a separate bowl, combine eggs, oil, 1/2 cup buttermilk, carrots, pineapple, and vanilla. Make a well in the middle of the flour mixture and add the gg/buttermilk mixture. Mix until batter is moistened. Fill muffin cups 3/4 full.  Bake in preheated oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until the tops spring back when lightly tapped. Allow to cool.  In a small bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, 1 teaspoon cinnamon and 2 to 3 tablespoons buttermilk. Mix until smooth, then refrigerate until thickened. Drizzle over cooled muffins."
"In a large saucepan over medium-low heat, blend reserved pineapple juice, soy sauce, vinegar, and brown sugar. Mix in flour, and stir until thickened.   Stir bell peppers, celery, and water chestnuts into the saucepan. Mix in chicken. Cook and stir until heated through. Stir in the pineapple chunks before serving."
"In a large bowl, blend cornstarch, garlic, 1 teaspoon ginger, and 2 tablespoons vegetable oil until cornstarch is dissolved. Mix in broccoli, snow peas, carrots, and green beans, tossing to lightly coat.  Heat remaining 2 tablespoons oil in a large skillet or wok over medium heat. Cook vegetables in oil for 2 minutes, stirring constantly to prevent burning. Stir in soy sauce and water. Mix in onion, salt, and remaining 1 teaspoon ginger. Cook until vegetables are tender but still crisp."
"Cook and drain vermicelli as directed on package.   Toss vermicelli and remaining ingredients."
"In a medium bowl, stir together the chicken, celery, mayonnaise, and curry powder."
"Grease muffin cups or line with muffin liners.   Combine 1 1/2 cups flour, 3/4 cup sugar, salt and baking powder. Place vegetable oil into a 1 cup measuring cup; add the egg and enough milk to fill the cup. Mix this with flour mixture. Fold in blueberries. Fill muffin cups right to the top, and sprinkle with crumb topping mixture.   To Make Crumb Topping: Mix together 1/2 cup sugar, 1/3 cup flour, 1/4 cup butter, and 1 1/2 teaspoons cinnamon. Mix with fork, and sprinkle over muffins before baking.  Bake for 20 to 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until done."
"Cook pasta as directed on package--except add pea pods for last 2 minutes of cooking; drain. Rinse with cold water; drain.  Mix mayonnaise and French dressing in large bowl. Add pasta, pea pods, chicken and tomatoes; toss"
"In a small bowl, combine flour, broth, sugar, and soy sauce. Stir until sugar and flour are dissolved.   In a large skillet or wok over high heat, cook and stir beef 2 to 4 minutes, or until browned. Stir in broth mixture, ginger, garlic, and broccoli. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat. Simmer 5 to 10 minutes, or until sauce thickens."
" Sprinkle chicken breasts with salt and pepper to taste, and place in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. In a small bowl, combine the honey, mustard, basil, paprika, and parsley. Mix well. Pour 1/2 of this mixture over the chicken, and brush to cover.    Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Turn chicken pieces over and brush with the remaining 1/2 of the honey mustard mixture. Bake for an additional 10 to 15 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear. Let cool 10 minutes before serving."
"Cook and drain pasta as directed on package.   While pasta is cooking, heat oil in 10-inch skillet over medium-high heat. Cook garlic in oil 30 seconds, stirring frequently. Stir in tomatoes. Cook 5 to 8 minutes, stirring frequently, until tomatoes are soft and sauce is slightly thickened. Stir in basil, salt and pepper. Cook 1 minute. Serve sauce over pasta."
"Heat oil in a wok over medium-high heat; add onion and garlic, and stir-fry for 2 minutes, or until onion has softened slightly. Remove from pan, and set aside.  Stir-fry pork strips in one or two batches for 1 to 2 minutes, or until the pork is just cooked. Remove from pan. Allow pan to reheat before cooking next batch.  In the hot wok, stir-fry the pork and onions with pineapple, red pepper, snow peas, and plum sauce; stir-fry for about 2 to 4 minutes, or until peas have softened slightly."
"Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.   Place apples in a large bowl. Stir in brown sugar and golden raisins; set aside. Place puff pastry on baking sheet. Roll lightly with a rolling pin. Arrange apple filling down the middle of the pastry lengthwise. Fold the pastry lengthwise around the mixture. Seal edges of pastry by using a bit of water on your fingers, and rubbing the pastry edges together. Whisk egg and milk together, and brush onto top of pastry.
Bake in preheated oven for 35 to 40 minutes, or until golden brown."
"Beat butter, sugar and vanilla in large bowl until creamy. Stir together flour and cocoa; gradually add to butter mixture, beating until blended. Mold scant tablespoon dough around each chocolate piece, covering completely. Shape into balls. Place on ungreased cookie sheet.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until set. cool about 1 minute; remove from cookie sheet to wire rack. Cool completely. Roll in Powdered sugar. Roll in sugar again just before serving, if desired."
"Cut 6 foil squares, large enough for the size of each fillet.   Center fillets on the foil squares and sprinkle each with dill weed, onion powder, paprika, seasoned salt, lemon pepper, parsley and garlic powder. Sprinkle lemon juice over each fillet. Fold foil over fillets to make a pocket. Pleat seams to securely enclose. . Place packets on a baking sheet and bake for 30 minutes."
"In a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, salt and sugar. Make a well in the center and pour in the milk, egg and melted butter; mix until smooth.   Heat a lightly oiled griddle or frying pan over medium high heat. Pour or scoop the batter onto the griddle, using approximately 1/4 cup for each pancake. Brown on both sides and serve hot."
"Sift flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda, sugar, and salt together. Add butter to make crumbs. Add egg, orange peel, and orange juice. Stir and mix well. Fold in raisins and cranberries. (Can use more cranberries instead of raisins if desired.)  Bake in greased 5 x 9 x 3-inch loaf pan for 1 hour and 10 minutes or until toothpick comes out clean. Cool on rack after removing from pan."
"Line 8-inch-square baking pan with foil.  Combine  sugar, evaporated milk, butter and salt in medium, heavy-duty saucepan. Bring to a full rolling boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Boil, stirring constantly, for 4 to 5 minutes. Remove from heat.  Stir in marshmallows, morsels, nuts and vanilla extract. Stir vigorously for 1 minute or until marshmallows are melted. Pour into prepared baking pan; refrigerate for 2 hours or until firm. Lift from pan; remove foil. Cut into pieces.

FOR MILK CHOCOLATE FUDGE: Substitute 1 3/4 cups (11.5-ounce package) Milk Chocolate Morsels for Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels.

FOR BUTTERSCOTCH FUDGE: Substitute 1 2/3 cups (11-ounce package) Butterscotch Flavored Morsels for Semi-Sweet Chocolate Morsels."
"Rinse chicken, and slice into 1 inch strips. In a medium bowl, stir together 1 cup flour, and baking powder. Mix in the eggs and beer. Place remaining 1/2 cup flour in a small bowl.   Heat oil in a deep heavy skillet to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).   Coat chicken strips in flour. Dip floured strips into the batter. Fry a few at a time in hot oil, turning once, until coating is golden brown on both sides. Remove, and keep warm until serving."
"In a saucepan, bring water to a boil. Add rice and stir. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.   In a medium saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter, Saute the onion until translucent, not browned. Reduce the heat to a simmer, and stir in the mushroom soup, drained mushrooms, and milk. Heat while stirring constantly until the mixture is smooth. Add the sour cream, curry powder, and turkey meat, stirring while it all heats through. Cover and allow to low simmer 20 to 25 minutes. Ladle the curry mixture evenly over the rice for each individual serving."
"Heat oil in large skillet. Saute onion in oil for 1 minute, or until tender. Remove onion and set aside. Brown pork chops on both sides in oil.   Place chops in an 8x12 inch baking dish and sprinkle them with salt and pepper. Cover the chops with the apples and cooked onion.  In a small bowl, combine brown sugar, mustard, cloves and water. Pour over chops. Cover and bake for 30 to 45 minutes"
"Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a medium skillet over medium heat. Add chicken and saute for 5 to 7 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through (no longer pink). Remove from skillet and drain on paper towels.   Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain and set aside.  While pasta is cooking, heat 2nd tablespoon oil over medium heat in same skillet used for chicken. Stir fry carrots for about 4 minutes, then add broccoli and garlic and stir fry for another 2 minutes. Finally, stir in broth, basil and cheese and return chicken to skillet. Reduce heat to low and simmer for about 4 minutes.   Place drained pasta in a large serving bowl. Top with chicken/vegetable mixture and serve immediately."
"In a large pot over medium heat, brown the ground beef and onion; drain fat.  Stir in sliced cabbage, tomato soup, tomato soup can of water,salt and pepper. Cover and simmer until cabbage is tender; stirring occasionally. Stir in sour cream just before serving."
"Saute chicken in a large skillet until lightly browned, about 7 to 10 minutes. Remove from skillet and set aside.  In a medium bowl combine the flour, broth, juice, marmalade and pepper. Mix together. Heat mixture in a medium saucepan over medium low heat, stirring constantly, until bubbly. Add chicken and cook over low heat for 4 minutes."
"Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, then mash with milk and butter until smooth.  In a large, deep skillet over medium high heat, combine ground beef, onion and green pepper. Cook until beef is evenly brown. Drain excess fat. Season with salt and pepper.  In a deep casserole dish, spoon a layer of beef mixture. Spread a layer of mashed potato over the beef. Continue alternating layers until the dish is full. Top with cheese.  Bake for 20 minutes."
"In a large bowl, mix the chicken, creamy salad dressing, pickle relish, apple, pecans, celery, and raisins. Season with salt and pepper. Chill until serving."
"Lightly butter one 9x13 inch baking dish.   In a cup, combine salad dressing mix, water and lemon juice.   Arrange salmon fillets in a single layer in the prepared baking dish. Pour the water mixture over the top and place the sliced mushrooms over the salmon.   Bake, covered, for 15 minutes. Remove cover and bake for an additional 15 minutes, basting with cooking liquids."
"In a small bowl, blend olive oil, honey, Dijon mustard and ginger   Brush salmon fillets evenly with the olive oil mixture. Place in a medium baking dish. Bake 15 to 20 minutes, until the fish flakes easily with a fork."
"In a medium saucepan, combine white wine, wine vinegar, and shallots. Cook until liquid is almost evaporated, approximately 1 tablespoon left. Stir in heavy cream and let boil down until reduced by half. Stir in butter 1 tablespoon at a time, allowing each to melt before adding the next. Keep warm while preparing the scallops.   Preheat oven on broiler setting.   Brush scallops with olive oil and sprinkle with salt and pepper. Place under preheated broiler for 2 minutes on each side, until scallops are opaque, with a bit of brown around the edges. Place a spoonful of sauce on each plate, and top with 4 scallops."
"To make roux: Melt 1/2 cup butter in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in flour, reduce heat to low, and cook until roux is a light chocolate color. Season with basil and thyme. Remove from heat.   Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Saute shallots until tender. Stir in wine, and simmer until liquid is reduced by half. Strain shallots from wine, and return wine to skillet. Stir in cream and 4 tablespoons butter; heat until butter is melted. Stir in 2 to 3 tablespoons of the roux, until mixture thickens. Cook on low heat for about 5 minutes to eliminate starchy flavor. Season with salt and pepper."
"Season chicken breasts with salt, pepper and seasoning salt. In a small bowl, combine flour and water and mix until no lumps remain and the mixture is completely smooth.
Heat 1 tablespoon oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add chicken and brown for 3 to 4 minutes each side. Remove chicken to a plate or platter.  Deglaze skillet with wine and broth and bring to simmer over medium low heat. When simmering, add herbs; whisk in flour mixture. Return to simmer, reduce heat to low and return chicken to skillet with juices.  Cover skillet and simmer gently for 20 to 30 minutes, or until chicken is cooked through (no longer pink inside), turning frequently."
"Prepare pie pastry, and place into a 10 inch deep dish pie pan.   In a large bowl, whip egg yolks with an electric mixer on high speed until pale. Gradually add 1 cup sugar while mixing. Mix until sugar has completely dissolved, and the yolks are thick and pale. This will take up to 15 minutes. Mix in the tapioca, salt and lemon juice. Stir in the milk, and then carefully fold in the blueberries. In a large glass or metal bowl, whip egg whites to stiff peaks. Fold egg whites into the blueberry mixture.   Combine the remaining 1 tablespoon of sugar with the flour, and sprinkle into the bottom of the unbaked pie crust. This will absorb extra juice, and keep the pie from leaking. Pour the filling into the prepared crust.   Bake for 10 minutes, then reduce heat to 350 degrees. Bake for an additional 40 to 60 minutes, or until pie is set."
"In an 8 inch square baking dish, mix blueberries, 3 tablespoons sugar, and orange juice. Set aside. In a small bowl, thoroughly mix flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.   In a medium bowl, cream butter and 1/2 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla extract. Gradually add flour mixture, stirring just until ingredients are combined. Drop batter by rounded tablespoons over blueberry mixture. Try to cover as much of filling as possible.   Bake  for 35 to 40 minutes, until topping is golden brown and filling is bubbling."
"In a large bowl, combine sliced peaches with juice, 2 tablespoons melted butter, a pinch of cinnamon and a pinch of nutmeg. Dissolve cornstarch in water, then stir into peach mixture; set aside.   In another bowl, combine milk, sugar, flour, baking powder and salt. Beat until smooth - mixture will be thin.   Melt 1/2 cup butter in a 9x13 inch pan. Pour batter over melted butter. Spoon peaches over batter. Sprinkle top with additional cinnamon and nutmeg.   Bake for 1 hour, or until knife inserted comes out clean."
"Place butter or margarine in a 9x13 inch baking dish and set on oven rack to melt.  In a medium bowl, mix together flour, sugar, and baking powder. Stir in milk.   Remove baking dish from oven as soon as butter or margarine is melted. Pour flour mixture into dish, but DO NOT STIR. Pour fruit evenly into pan, and DO NOT STIR.   Raise oven temperature to 350  degrees .  Bake cobbler for 50 to 60 minutes, until golden brown."
"Mix 3/4 to 1 cup sugar and cornstarch. Stir into 4 cups sliced rhubarb and 1 tablespoon water. Bring to a boil. Cook and stir for 1 minute.   Pour rhubarb mixture into a greased 9x13 inch pan. Dot with butter. Sprinkle with cinnamon.   Sift together 1 cup flour, 1 tablespoon sugar, baking powder, and salt. Cut in 1/4 cup butter until it becomes coarse crumbs.   Mix together 1/4 cup milk and 1 beaten egg. Add all at once to dry ingredients, stirring just to moisten. Drop by tsp on top of hot rhubarb. Sprinkle with sugar.   Bake for 20 minute."
"Place sugar and shortening in large bowl. Beat at medium speed of electric mixer until well blended. Add eggs, syrup and vanilla; beat until well blended and fluffy.  Combine 3 cups flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Add gradually to shortening  mixture, beating at low speed until well blended.  Place half of dough in medium bowl. Stir in peppermint extract and food color, a few drops at a time, until of desired shade of green. Shape each dough into disk. Wrap with plastic wrap. Refrigerate several hours or until firm.  Sprinkle about 1 tablespoon flour on large sheet of waxed paper. Place peppermint dough on floured paper; flatten slightly with hands. Turn dough over; cover with another large sheet of waxed paper. Roll dough into 14 x 9-inch rectangle. Set aside. Repeat with plain dough.  Remove top sheet of waxed paper from both doughs. Invert plain dough onto pepermint dough, aligning edges carefully. Roll layers together lightly. Remove waxed paper from plain dough. Trim dough to form rectangle. Roll dough tightly in jelly-roll fashion starting with long side and using bottom sheet of waxed paper as a guide, removing waxed paper during rolling. Wrap roll in waxed paper; freeze at least 30 minutes or until very firm.  Place sheets of foil on countertop for cooling cookies.  Remove roll from freezer; remove wrapping. Cut into 3/8-inch-thick slices. Place slices 2 inches apart on ungreased baking sheet.
Bake one baking sheet at a time  for 7 to 9 minutes or until edges of cookies are very lightly browned. DO NOT OVERBAKE. Cool 2 minutes on baking sheet. Remove cookies to foil to cool completely."
"Heat oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Cook pork chops until evenly brown on both sides; remove from skillet. Pour in orange juice, soy sauce and sugar. Boil for 2 minutes, scraping the bottom of pan. In a small bowl, mix together water and corn starch, and stir into sauce. Return pork to skillet and cook briefly until thickened and heated through."
"Put dates in a bowl; pour hot water over dates and let stand. In a separate bowl, beat together sugar, egg, vanilla, salt, and butter. Add nuts, flour, cinnamon, nutmeg, and baking soda. Add this mixture to date mixture. Pour into a 13 x 9-inch pan or 5 small loaf pans. Bake for about 45 minutes."
"In a large saucepan over medium high heat, saute the stew meat, onion and celery for 5 minutes, or until meat is browned on all sides.  Stir in the bouillon, parsley, ground black pepper, carrots, water and egg noodles. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes."
"Season chicken with salt and pepper to taste. Heat oil and butter in a very large skillet over medium high heat. Add chicken and saute until golden on one side, 3 to 5 minutes.Turn and repeat on other side. Repeat in batches until all chicken is browned; place on plate or platter and set aside.  In same skillet, saute mushrooms until golden. Stir in garlic and green onion and saute until soft. Sprinkle flour onto mixture and cook, stirring, until mixture is a light color (1 to 2 minutes). Stir in cola beverage, broth, parsley, bay leaf and rosemary and simmer for about 5 minutes, stirring.  Return chicken to skillet, bring to a boil, cover and simmer gently for 25 to 30 minutes or until tender and cooked through (no longer pink inside)."
"Place broccoli in the bottom of a 9x13 inch baking dish. Top with the chicken.  In a small bowl, blend the cream of chicken soup, cream of mushroom soup, mayonnaise, and lemon juice. Pour the mixture over the chicken. Top with Cheddar cheese.  Bake 35 to 40 minutes  until bubbly and lightly browned"
"In large mixing bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand until smooth. Add egg and 3 tablespoons of lemon juice; mix well.   Pour half the batter into the crust. Combine remaining 1 teaspoon lemon juice with perserves in a small bowl. Spoon half the perserves over batter.   Pour remaining batter on top. Using a knife, swirl remaining perserves into a decorative pattern. Bake for 55 minutes. Cool. Refrigerate leftovers."
"In 13x9-inch baking pan, melt margarine in oven. Sprinkle crumbs evenly over margarine. Top evenly with coconut then Eagle Brand.   Bake 25 minutes or until lightly browned.   In a microwave safe bowl, melt chocolate chips with peanut butter for 15 seconds or until melted. Spread evenly over hot coconut layer.   Cool 30 minutes. Chill. Cut into bars. Store loosely covered at room temperature.  HINT: Toasted coconut- spread out coconut flakes evenly on baking sheet. Place in 375 degree F oven for 3 to 5 minutes or until flakes are well toasted."
"In medium bowl, beat egg yolks; stir in Eagle Brand and lemon juice.   Pour into prepared crust; bake 8 minutes. Cool. Chill 3 hours or overnight.   Prior to serving, top with pie filling. Garnish with whipped topping if desired. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Lightly grease a 9x13 inch pan.   Bring water to a boil in a small saucepan. Dissolve 1 cup sugar in boiling water, then add 3 tablespoons butter. Remove from heat, and set syrup aside to cool.   In a large bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Cut in 1/2 cup butter. Stir in milk; mix lightly. Roll out on a floured surface into a rectangle shape about 12 inches long.   In another bowl, combine rhubarb, cinnamon, and 1 cup sugar. Spread evenly over roll, leaving a 1/2 inch edge. Roll dough tightly lengthwise, and seal the seam. Cut into twelve 1 inch sections. Arrange rolls in prepared pan. Pour syrup over rolls.   Bake 40 minutes, or until lightly browned."
"Place chicken in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish and sprinkle with 1/2 cup of brown sugar. Place peach slices over chicken, then sprinkle with remaining 1/2 cup brown sugar, ginger, cloves and lemon juice.  Bake for about 30 minutes, basting with juices, or until chicken is cooked through and juices run clear."
"Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Saute bell pepper, celery and mushrooms until soft, about 5 minutes. Stir in onion; mix flour and 1/2 cup of milk in a small bowl and stir mixture into skillet. Beat egg yolks into remaining 1 1/2 cups milk and pour into skillet. Cook, stirring, until thickened.   Add chicken and cook for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Stir in lemon juice, sherry, paprika, salt and pepper. Finally, stir in peas and pimento peppers. Heat through and serve."
"Mix flour, salt and pepper together in a resealable plastic bag. Add chicken, seal bag and shake to coat. Set aside.   Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat. Add garlic and saute 3 to 4 minutes, until it starts to change color. Saute coated chicken strips with butter and garlic for 10 to 15 minutes, until cooked through and juices run clear.  Squeeze lime over chicken and sprinkle with lemon pepper. Serve hot."
"In a medium saucepan bring chicken broth to a boil. Add rice and stir. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.   Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook the beef, red bell pepper, yellow bell pepper and green bell pepper until beef is evenly browned. Season with salt and pepper. Remove from heat.  Stir Dijon mustard and honey in the beef mixture. Stir green onions into cooked rice. Serve peppers and beef over the rice."
"Place ham in a roasting pan. Pour in water to a 2 inch depth. Cover with a tight fitting lid.  Bake for 6 to 8 hours in the preheated oven (all day or all night). Remove from the oven, pour off drippings and reserve. Debone ham, removing any excess fat as well, and return to the roasting pan.   Skim fat from the top of the drippings, and discard. In a small bowl, mix one cup of the drippings with honey, brown sugar, liquid smoke, Worcestershire sauce and cloves. Pour this over the ham, cover and return to the oven. Remaining drippings may be discarded or reserved for other uses.   Bake for another 30 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving."
" Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Place the potatoes in the skillet, cover and simmer, turning occasionally, until potatoes are almost tender and a little browned, about 10 minutes.   Stir in the sausage, onion and peppers. Cover and cook for about 5 more minutes, or until onion and peppers are to desired tenderness."
"In a large skillet over medium heat, bring chicken broth to a simmer and add prawns; cook until pink. Add red pepper flakes to taste.   In a microwave-safe bowl, combine butter and garlic; heat until completely melted.   Place prawns on a platter with separate cups of garlic butter for dipping; serve."
"Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat, and lightly oil grate.  In a large bowl, mix the ground beef, egg, bread crumbs, evaporated milk, and garlic. Sprinkle with  Worcestershire sauce, and season with cayenne pepper. Form the mixture into 6 hamburger patties.  Place patties on the prepared grill, and cook 3 to 5 minutes per side, or to desired doneness."
"Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Cook garlic in oil until tender. Place chicken in the skillet, and cook about 10 minutes on each side, until no longer pink and juices run clear.   Drain oil from skillet. Sprinkle chicken with paprika and 1 cup brown sugar. Pour red wine around chicken. Cover, and simmer about 15 to 20 minutes; lightly baste chicken with wine sauce while cooking. Season to taste with salt and pepper."
"Heat oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Season chicken parts with salt, pepper and garlic powder and saute until lightly browned, about 5 to 7 minutes.  . Place wine in a shallow dish or bowl. Dip chicken pieces into wine, one at a time, and return to skillet. Add any remaining wine, stock and onions, stir together and reduce heat to medium.  Cover skillet and cook for 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through and no longer pink inside. In a small bowl, mix together cornstarch and water and add mixture to sauce to thicken; cook an additional 2 to 3 minutes and serve."
"In a large bowl, mix together the onions, carrot, red pepper, peas, chicken, cilantro and almonds. Set aside.  In a small bowl, whisk together the sugar, vinegar, sesame oil, teriyaki sauce and dry mustard until smooth. Pour over salad mixture and toss until coated. Serve in pita pockets or on a bed of lettuce."
"Grease an 8x 12 inch baking dish. Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add cod fillets and cook for 4 to 6 minutes; drain.  . Melt margarine in a medium saucepan. Remove from heat and mix in the flour and milk. Return to stove over medium heat, and stir until thickened. Season with salt and pepper.  Flake fish into baking dish, alternating layers with sauce. Sprinkle top with shredded cheese.  4. Bake in oven for 20 to 25 minutes, or until cheese is brow"
"Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add pasta and cook for 8 to 10 minutes or until al dente; drain.  In a medium saucepan, melt butter over medium low heat; add wine, cheese, garlic, parsley and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer over low heat for 3 to 5 minutes, stirring frequently.  Increase heat to medium high and add shrimp to skillet; cook for about 3 to 4 minutes or until shrimp begins to turn pink. Do not overcook.  Divide pasta into portions and spoon sauce on top; garnish with Parmesan cheese and fresh parsley, if desired."
"Preheat grill for medium heat and lightly oil grate.   Heat oil in a saucepan over medium heat. Saute minced onion for about 5 minutes, or until caramelized. Stir in honey, mustard, and vinegar. Season with crushed red pepper, Cajun seasoning, salt, and black pepper. Reduce heat, and simmer 5 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from heat, and set aside.   Generously sprinkle ribs with salt and pepper on both sides. Place ribs on grill rack, cover, and open vents halfway. Cook for 35 minutes. Turn ribs once, making sure they are not being over-cooked. Brush tops of ribs with sauce, and cook covered for 5 to 10 minutes Turn ribs over, cover, and cook for another 5 to 10 minutes. Remove ribs from grill. Heat remaining sauce, and serve as a dipping or mopping sauce."
"To prepare sauce, combine all ingredients except chicken.  Broil chicken, basting occasionally with sauce for 12 to 15 minutes or until chicken is cooked through."
"Simmer rhubarb in 1/4 cup water and sugar in a pot for 10 t0 15 minutes, until mixture is softened and gently boiling.  Remove from stove and set aside.  In a separate pan soak two envelopes gelatin in 1/2 cup of cold water for 10 minutes then warm gently on stovetop until gelatin mixture liqufies.  Add the gelatin mix to the rhubarb, mix thoroughly and put into the refrigerator overnight or for a minimum of 4 hours.
Option:  Fold a dash of red food coloring into the mixture.
Note:  Steps 1 to 3 can be made the  night before.  The mixture at this point will store in the fridge up to one week, or can be frozen.
Take cooled mixture and blend with 1 cup of whipped cream and stir in Cointreau.   Use more or less liqueur accoding to taste.  Cointreau can also be drizzled onto cake sections.
Option:  For a non-alcoholic cake, use a kitchen grater to finely shred the rind of a large orange and mix that in.  Drizzle orange juice on cake sections, if desired.
Top the lower and middle cake sections with 1/2  to 1 inch filling stacking layers on top of each other.  Then use a spatula to coat the entire cake with whipped cream.
Option:  Decorate top with orange segments and chocolate fans, or thin strips of orange rind. Decorate sides of cake with toasted sliced almonds."
"On a lightly floured surface, roll out one crust, and place in a 9 inch pie plate. Roll out top crust, and set aside.  In a large bowl, mix together rhubarb, pineapple chunks, sugar, and tapioca. Place in pie crust. Cover with top crust; seal and crimp edge. Brush with milk, and cut a few slits in the top to allow steam to vent.  Bake for 45 minutes, or until crust is golden and liquid bubbles in the center."
"Place half of the mushrooms in a 9x13 inch pan. Dip chicken into beaten eggs, then roll in bread crumbs.  In skillet, melt butter over medium heat. Brown both sides of chicken in skillet. Place chicken on top of mushrooms, arrange remaining mushrooms on chicken, and top with mozzarella cheese. Add chicken broth to pan.   Bake 30 to 35 minutes, or until chicken is no longer pink and juices run clear."
"In a large bowl, mix together sugar, flour, and nutmeg. Stir in eggs. Fold in rhubarb making sure to coat well, then do the same with the strawberries. Pour mixture into pie crust. Place second crust on top being sure to cut slits into it to vent steam. Brush egg white on top crust.   Bake for 50 to 60 minutes, until rhubarb is tender, and crust is golden."
"Beat eggs until light and fluffy.  Add sugar and beat 6 minutes.   Add all at once the flour, salt and baking powder and mix well.  Melt butter in boiling milk and pour into the batter.  Mix fast and turn into an 8 x 8 greased cake pan.   Bake at 350  degrees  for 30 minutes."
"Place water, egg, bread flour, white sugar, powdered milk, salt, 5 tablespoons butter and yeast in bread machine in the order suggested by the manufacturer. Select DOUGH setting, and turn machine on.
Meanwhile; in a small saucepan, melt 1/3 cup butter. Add 1/2 cup brown sugar and ice cream; bring to a boil, and cook for 2 minutes. Pour caramel into the bottom of a lightly greased 9 x 13 inch pan.
When machine has finished cycling remove dough from pan and turn it out onto a lightly floured surface. Pat dough into a rectangle. Spread with softened butter and sprinkle lightly with cinnamon. Crumble 1/2 cup brown sugar over the top. Roll up, and seal edge. Cut into 12 rolls, and place in prepared pan of caramel. Allow to rise until doubled in size, about 45 minutes.   Bake for approximately 20 to 25 minutes, until golden brown."
"Grease cookie sheets.   In a large bowl, cream together the butter, brown sugar and white sugar until smooth. Beat in the eggs, one at a time then stir in the orange extract. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt and cinnamon; stir into the sugar mixture. Fold in the chocolate chips and frozen marshmallows. Drop dough by heaping spoonfuls onto the prepared cookie sheet.   Bake for 20 to 22 minutes. Remove from cookie sheets to cool on wire racks."
"Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat and lightly oil grate.  In a small bowl, mix together olive oil, garlic and pepper. Score steak and rub with the olive oil mixture.  Place steak on the prepared grill. Cook 20 minutes, or to desired doneness, turning once."
"Whisk pumpkin, Eagle Brand, eggs, spices and salt in medium bowl until smooth. Pour into crust. Bake 15 minutes.   Reduce oven temperature to 350  degrees F and continue baking 35 to 40 minutes or until knife inserted 1 inch from crust comes out clean. Cool. Garnish as desired. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator.

Sour Cream Topping: In medium bowl, combine 1 1/2 cups sour cream, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. After pie has baked 30 minutes at 350  degrees F, spread evenly over top; bake 10 minutes.
Streusel Topping: In medium bowl, combine 1/2 cup packed brown sugar and 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; cut in 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) cold butter or margarine until crumbly. Stir in 1/4 cup chopped nuts. After pie has baked 30 minutes at 350  degrees F, sprinkle evenly over top; bake 10 minutes.
Chocolate Glaze: In small saucepan over low heat, melt 1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips and 1 teaspoon solid shortening. Drizzle or spread over top of baked pie."
"Combine bread crumbs and Parmesan cheese in a large resealable plastic bag. Add chops two at a time, and shake to coat.  Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat, and cook chops until brown on both sides. Remove chops from skillet, and reduce heat to medium.
Blend soup and milk in the skillet, stirring to scrape up the bits of breading left over from the chops. You can adjust the amount of milk depending on how thick you want the gravy to be (it will thin a bit during the cooking process). Bring to a gentle boil, increasing heat slightly if necessary. When soup mixture is bubbling, return chops to skillet. Cover, and reduce heat to low. Simmer for 20 minutes, or until chops are cooked through."
"In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar and mustard. Mix together well.  Butterfly the pork chops and arrange them in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Spread the mustard mixture over the chops, then sprinkle with the lemon juice. Place about 1/8 of an inch of water in the bottom of the baking dish.  Bake 20 minutes, or to desired doneness"
"In large bowl, beat cake mix, margarine and 1 egg with mixer until crumbly. Stir in saltine crumbs. Reserving 2 cups crumb mixture, press remaining crumbs on bottom of greased 13x9-inch baking pan.   Bake 15 to 20 minutes or until golden.   With mixer or wire whisk, beat 3 egg yolks Eagle Brand and lemon juice. Spread over prepared crust. Top with reserved crumb mixture.   Bake 25 minutes longer or until set and top is golden. Cool. Refrigerate within 2 hours. Cut into bars. Store covered in refrigerator"
"Dough          Add ingredients in order listed to bread machine baking pan. Insert pan into bread machine and start "dough" cycle on machine. When dough is done, turn out onto floured rolling board and allow dough to rest for ten minutes. Roll dough out into a 16" wide and 21" long rectangle, with a dough thickness of about 1/4 inch.

Filling           Combine brown sugar and cinnamon in a bowl until well mixed. Spread softened butter over the surface of the dough and sprinkle sugar-cinnamon mixture evenly over the dough surface. Roll dough jelly-roll fashion along the 16" wide side of the rectangle. Cut dough roll into 12 slices. Place 12 rolls into a 9" by 13" baking pan
and bake for approximately 15 minutes or until light brown on top. Remove baking pan and allow to cool.

Cream Cheese Icing           Combine in a mixing bowl until well blended. Frost cinnamon rolls with icing while rolls are still in the baking pan."
"In a large pot of boiling salted water cook linguini until al dente. Drain.  Meanwhile, in a heavy saucepan over medium heat saute garlic in olive oil until garlic softens. Add Italian seasoning, thyme, crushed red pepper flakes, crushed tomatoes, and the juice from both cans of clams. Simmer for 15 minutes. Mix in canned clams, shrimp, scallops, lemon zest, and salt and pepper to taste. Simmer for an additional 15 minutes or until shrimp and clams are cooked.  Toss cooked and drained linguine pasta over seafood sauce. Serve warm"
"Mix together onions, bread crumbs, cheese and ground beef. Roll into 1 inch diameter balls, and place in a baking pan. Bake for 15 to 20 minutes, or until beef is no longer pink. Reduce the oven temperature to 350 degrees F.   Arrange the bread cubes in a single layer in an ungreased 9x13 inch baking dish. Mix together the cream cheese, mayonnaise, Italian seasoning and black pepper until smooth. Spread this mixture over each bread cube. Sprinkle with 1/2 cup of the grated mozzarella cheese.  In a large bowl, mix together spaghetti sauce, water, and garlic. Gently stir in meatballs. Pour over the bread and cheese mixture in the baking pan. Sprinkle the remaining mozzarella cheese evenly over the top.  Bake at 350 degrees F  for 30 minutes, or until heated thro"
"Place the chicken breasts in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Combine the apricot preserves, vinegar and brown sugar. Pour the preserve mixture over the chicken, cover and bake for 50 minutes. Remove cover and bake for 10 more minutes."
"In a medium container, mix Worcestershire sauce and mustard. Place steak strips in the mixture. Cover, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 30 minutes.  Place rice and water in a medium saucepan, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat, cover, and cook 20 minutes.  Heat olive oil in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in the onion and garlic, and cook until tender. Season with pepper. Place steak into the saucepan and cook 5 to 7 minutes on each side, to desired doneness. Serve over the cooked rice."
"In a large mixer bowl combine, flour, sugar, pecans, butter and egg.  Beat, scraping bowl ofter, until well mixed.  Stir in rolled oats.  Press half of mixture into a 9 inch greased square pan.  Spread blueberry pie filling over crust.  Crumble rmaining half of crumb mixture over pie filling.  Bake for 45 to 50 minutes or until golden brown.  Cool, cut into squares.   Keep refrigerated"
"Cut the filets into log shaped pieces, about 2 inches wide by 5 inches long, keeping the filet portions separate. Take 2 sheets of phyllo dough, placing one on top of the other, and brush lightly with melted butter, covering the one side completely.   Place a portion of salmon (6 ounces), on the edge, nearest you, of the phyllo dough. Sprinkle with salt and pepper to taste. Coat the portion of salmon with 1 tablespoon of Dijon mustard.  Fold the phyllo dough, nearest you, over the salmon and make one complete wrap. Take the sides of the dough and fold them towards the center, and continue rolling up the dough. Brush all sides with butter, covering completely and place on a cookie sheet. Repeat steps for remaining portions of salmon.  Bake  for 20 minutes or until phyllo dough is golden brown."
"Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan.  In a large bowl, mix together ground beef, salsa, cheese, egg, and cracker crumbs. Form into a loaf, and place in prepared pan.  Bake for 1 hour, or until done. Internal temperature should measure at least 160 degrees F , the meat should be browned through, and the juices clear."
"In a small saucepan over medium heat, combine the butter, mustard, lemon juice, garlic, and parsley. When the butter melts completely, remove from heat.  Arrange shrimp in a shallow baking dish. Pour the butter mixture over the shrimp.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes or until the shrimp are pink and opaque."
"Melt the butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry the ham on both sides in the butter until browned. Lay the sliced apple over the ham. Pour the syrup over the apples. Reduce heat to medium, and simmer, stirring occasionally until the apples are cooked through.   Sprinkle with cinnamon, and serve immediately."
"Whisk together Eagle Brand  degrees , pumpkin, brown sugar, egg, cinnamon and nutmeg. Pour evenly into tart shells.   Bake 18 minutes or until center is just set and pastry is golden.   Cool and garnish as desired."
"In large bowl, with electric mixer, beat butter, sugar, eggs and vanilla on low speed until blended, then on high speed 5 minutes until light and fluffy.  In separate bowl, combine flour, baking powder and salt. Add dry ingredients alternately with 1/2 cup Eagle Brand to creamed mixture, mixing lightly after each addition. Fold in cherries. Turn batter into greased and floured 10-inch bundt or tube pan.  Bake for 55 minutes. Cover loosely with foil, shiny side out; continue baking for 15 to 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted near center comes out clean. Let cool in pan 5 minutes; invert cake onto rack and let cool completely.  Spoon Chocolate Frosting over cooled cake. Store leftovers covered.

Notes: *Chocolate Frosting: In medium saucepan, combine remaining Eagle Brand with 2 (1-ounce) squares unsweetened chocolate. Cook and stir over low heat until chocolate melts and mixture is thickened. Stir in cherry juice.

HOLIDAY MINI CHERRY POUND CAKES Same recipe as above, using entire can of Eagle Brand in batter and draining cherries completely. Bake at 350  degrees F for 45 minutes or until light brown. Makes 6 mini loaves."
"In medium bowl, combine melted butter and chocolate cookie crumbs blend well. Press firmly onto the bottom of a greased 9x13-inch baking pan.   Bake 6 minutes; cool.    In small mixer bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand, eggs and peppermint flavoring until smooth. Pour over cooled cookie base and bake for 25 to 30 minutes. Cool completely.  In heavy saucepan, melt chocolate chips and drizzle over the top of the bars. Sprinkle chopped chocolate mint candies over the top.   Cut into bars. Store covered in refrigerator."
"Combine the pineapple (with juice/ liquids), sugar, lemon juice and dry mustard in a small bowl. Mix all together. Place chicken breasts in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Spread the pineapple mixture over the chicken. Bake  for 50 to 60 minutes."
"Line an 8x8 inch pan with aluminum foil. Set aside.   In a large saucepan over medium heat, combine marshmallow cream, sugar, evaporated milk, butter and salt. Bring to a full boil, and cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly.   Remove from heat and pour in semisweet chocolate chips and milk chocolate chips. Stir until chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Stir in nuts and vanilla. Pour into prepared pan. Chill in refrigerator for 2 hours, or until firm."
"Heat olive oil in a large skillet. Saute garlic and scallions briefly, but do not brown the garlic.  Toss in shrimp and saute until pink and opaque in the center. Stir in parsley and heat through.  Remove from heat and pour into a serving dish. Sprinkle with grated Parmesan cheese."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spread pecans in a single layer on a baking sheet. Bake 8 to 10 minutes, or until slightly browned. Stir 2 or 3 times to toast uniformly.  In a small saucepan over medium-high heat, combine honey with half of the butter. Stir in the toasted pecans, and cook for 8 to 10 minutes to infuse the flavors. Remove from heat, and keep warm.  . Melt remaining butter with oil in a large skillet over high heat. Season fish with salt and pepper. Arrange fillets in skillet, and cook until firm to the touch, about 4 to 5 minutes per side. Salmon is done when it flakes easily with a fork. Transfer to serving plate, and spoon glaze over top."
"Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add ground beef, add onions, garlic, and mushrooms; saute until onion is golden brown. Season with salt and black pepper.  Stir 2 cups hot water, bouillon cubes, and tomato paste into meat mixture. Stir together 1 1/2 cups cold water and flour; stir into pan. Reduce heat to low, and simmer for 1 hour."
"Cook noodles according to package.  In a large bowl whick soup, sour cream, soup, salt and pepper until blended.  Stir in chicken and noodles. Transfer to a greased 13 x 9 inch casserole dish.  In a small bowl nix crushed crackeers and butter.  Sprinkle over top, bake 30-35 minuyes or until bubbly."
"In a small shallow bowl, stir together the bread crumbs, cheese, cornmeal, oil, italian seasoning, garlic powder and pepper; set aside.
Coat the rack of a broiling pan with cooking spray. Place the cod on the rack, folding under any thin edges of the filets. Brush with the egg white, then spoon the crumb mixture evenly on top.  Bake oven for 10 to 12 minutes or until the fish flakes easily when tested with a fork and is opaque all the way through."
"In a medium, nonreactive bowl, mix olive oil, juice of 2 limes, roasted red peppers, garlic, allspice, cinnamon, cumin, sugar, salt and pepper. Place salmon steaks in bowl, and rub with the mixture. Cover, and marinate in the refrigerator at least 1 hour.  Preheat the broiler. Arrange salmon steaks on a medium broiler pan, and broil 3 to 5 minutes on each side, until flesh is easily flaked with a fork.  Mix tomato wedges and green onions in a small bowl. Serve salmon with the tomato mixture and lettuce. Garnish with lime wedges."
"Line a shallow baking pan with aluminum foil.  Place salmon skin-side down on foil. Spread a thin layer of mustard on the top of each fillet, and season with salt and pepper. Top with bread crumbs, then drizzle with melted butter.  Bake  for 15 minutes, or until salmon flakes easily with"
"Place flour in a small bowl. Dredge chicken in the flour to lightly coat.
Heat olive oil and butter in a medium skillet over medium heat, and saute the chicken breasts until no longer pink and juices run clear. Set aside, and keep warm.  Stir hoisin sauce and orange juice into the skillet, and scrape up the browned bits. Mix in mandarin oranges, green onions, and cashews, Return chicken to the skillet. Continue cooking until all ingredients are heated through."
".Make basting sauce by combining olive oil, grated onion, garlic, salt and pepper, herbs, and chili sauce.  Turn chicken breasts in sauce to coat thoroughly. Place skin side up in a shallow baking dish. Cover.  Roast at 425 degrees F (220 degrees C), basting occasionally with pan drippings, for about 35 to 45 minutes. Remove to warm platter, spoon pan juices over, and sprinkle with fresh parsley."
"Wash and pat dry the pork chops. Combine the vinegar, soy sauce, orange juice, onion, rosemary, sage, salt, garlic and barbecue sauce in a glass bowl. Place chops in a large resealable plastic bag, add the marinade and refrigerate for 6 to 8 hours or overnight.  Preheat grill for high heat.  Oil grate and grill chops turning once until cooked through, about 5 minutes per side."
"Place the chops in a 9x13 inch baking pan. Place 1 tablespoon of brown sugar on top of every chop. Place 1 tablespoon of margarine on top of the brown sugar. Sprinkle chops with soy sauce.  Cover pan with foil and bake  for 45 minutes. Remove foil and bake for an additional 15 minutes, until browned."
"In a saucepan bring water to a boil. Add rice and stir. Reduce heat, cover and simmer for 20 minutes.  In a large skillet over high heat, add sesame oil and allow it to get hot. Add rice and 1 tablespoon of butter. Saute for three minutes.  Stir in the snow peas and corn. Saute until rice begins to brown slightly. Add shrimp to top of rice. Reduce heat to low and cover to keep warm.  In a mixing bowl, whisk together the orange and lime juices, onion, honey, ginger root and garlic. Mix thoroughly. Spoon enough of the mixture to coat the shrimp.  In a saucepan over high heat, combine the remaining juice mixture with chicken broth and cornstarch. Bring to a boil and reduce heat. Simmer until thickened. Stir in 1 teaspoon of butter. Serve over the rice and shrimp."
"In a small saucepan melt butter/margarine with garlic. Dip chicken pieces in butter/garlic sauce, letting extra drip off, then coat completely with bread crumbs.  Place coated chicken in a lightly greased 9x13 inch baking dish. Combine any leftover butter/garlic sauce with bread crumbs and spoon mixture over chicken pieces. Bake in the preheated oven for 45 minutes to 1 hour."
"In large mixer bowl, combine all ingredients except nuts; mix well. Stir in nuts if desired. Spread into greased 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 25 minutes or until brownies begin to pull away from sides of pan. Cool. Frost with Mocha Frosting. Cut into bars. Store covered at room temperature."
"Mocha Frosting: In saucepan, over low heat, melt margarine or butter. Stir in Cocoa, warm water and coffee-flavored liqueur or  instant coffee dissolved in warm water. Remove from heat. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar. Add additional warm water if needed."
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chips with sweetened condensed milk.   Remove from heat. Stir in cherries and extract. Chill 30 minutes.   Divide in half; place each portion on a 20-inch piece of wax paper. Shape each into 12-inch log. Roll in nuts. Wrap tightly; chill 2 hours or until firm.   Remove paper; cut into 1-1/4-inch slices to serve. Store covered in refrigerator."
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt white chocolate squares, Eagle Brand and salt. Remove from heat; stir in cookies.
Spread evenly into foil-lined 8-inch square pan. Chill 2 hours or until firm.  Turn fudge onto cutting board; peel off foil and cut into squares. Store tightly covered at room temperature or in refrigerator."
"In large mixing bowl, stir together Eagle Brand and lemon juice; combine well.   Mix in berries. Fold in whipped topping. Spoon mixture into crust.   Freeze 5 hours or until set. Let stand 30 to 40 minutes before serving. Garnish as desired."
"Combine crumbs, sugar and margarine; press firmly on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 8 minutes. Cool.   Reduce oven temperature to 300 degrees F. In large mixer bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand until smooth. Add eggs and lemon juice; mix well.    Spread preserves evenly over prepared crust. Pour cream cheese mixture over preserves.
Bake 45 to 50 minutes or until center is set. Cool. Chill thoroughly. Garnish as desired. Refrigerate leftovers"
"Rinse apricots.   Cover with water and boil 10 minutes.  Drain, cool and cop.  Combine butter or margarine, sugar and 1 cup flour, and blend together until crumbly.   Press into bottom of grreased 8 x 8 square pan.  B ake in moderate over about 15 - 18 minutes.   Beat eggs, vanilla and gradually beat in brown sugar.   Stir remaining 1/2 cup flour with baking powder and salt.  Blend into egg misture.  Stir in nuts, coconut and apricots.  Spread over baked layer.  Bake for 30 minutes.   Cool.   Cut into bars"
"In large bowl, combine flour, sugar and egg; cut in 1/2 cup butter until crumbly. Stir in nuts.  Reserving 2 cups crumb mixture, press remainder firmly on bottom of greased 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 15 minutes.    Meanwhile, in heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt caramels with Eagle Brand  degrees  and remaining 1/4 cup butter. Pour over prepared crust. Top with reserved crumb mixture.   Bake 20 minutes or until bubbly. Cool. Cut into bars. Store loosely covered at room temperature.
 Chocolate Caramel Bars: Melt 2 (1-ounce) squares unsweetened chocolate with caramels, Eagle Brand and butter. Proceed as above."
"Combine flour and sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Press on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 20 minutes or until lightly browned.
 Melt 1 cup chips with Eagle Brand  degrees ; remove from heat. Cool slightly; beat in egg. Stir in almonds and extract. Spread over prepared crust.   Bake 25 minutes or until set. Cool.   Melt remaining 1/2 cup chips with shortening; drizzle over bars. Chill 10 minutes or until set. Cut into bars. Store covered at room temperature."
"Combine 6 tablespoons margarine, oats, sugar, flour, 1/2 cup walnuts and baking soda. Press firmly on bottom of greased 13x9-inch baking pan; bake 15 minutes or until lightly browned.    Meanwhile,in saucepan, over medium heat, cook and stir remaining 2 tablespoons margarine and Eagle Brand. Stir in vanilla. Pour over crust.
 Return to oven; bake 10 to 15 minutes longer or until golden brown. Remove from oven; immediately sprinkle chips on top. Let stand 1 minute; spread while still warm. Garnish with additional walnuts; press down firmly. Cool thoroughly. Cut into bars. Store tightly covered at room temperature."
"In large bowl, combine flour, sugar and salt; cut in butter until crumbly. Stir in 1 beaten egg. Press evenly into 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 25 minutes.   Meanwhile, in medium bowl, beat Eagle Bramd , remaining 1 egg and flavoring; stir in walnuts.   Sprinkle chips evenly over prepared crust. Top with walnut mixture; bake 20 to 25 minutes longer or until golden. Cool. Cut into bars. Store tightly covered at room temperature"
"Whisk pumpkin, Eagle Brand, eggs, spices and salt in medium bowl until smooth. Pour into crust.    Bake 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350  degrees  and continue baking 35 to 40 minutes or until knife inserted 1 inch from crust comes out clean. Cool. Garnish as desired. Refrigerate leftovers
Notes: Favorite Toppings

Sour Cream Topping: In medium bowl, combine 1 1/2 cups sour cream, 2 tablespoons sugar and 1 teaspoon vanilla extract. After pie has baked 30 minutes at 350  degrees , spread evenly over top; bake 10 minutes.

Streusel Topping: In medium bowl, combine 1/2 cup packed brown sugar and 1/2 cup all-purpose flour; cut in 1/4 cup (1/2 stick) cold butter or margarine until crumbly. Stir in 1/4 cup chopped nuts. After pie has baked 30 minutes at 350  degrees , sprinkle evenly over top; bake 10 minutes.

Chocolate Glaze: In small saucepan over low heat, melt 1/2 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips and 1 teaspoon solid shortening. Drizzle or spread over top of baked pie.

Tip: Make leaves with small pieces of pastry. Use small fork or butter knife to create patterns in leaf shapes. Bake leaves until slightly brown on edges on separate cookie sheet while pumpkin pie is in oven."
"In mixing bowl, beat flour, oats, 3/4 cup brown sugar, and butter until crumbly. Reserving 1 1/2 cups crumb mixture, press remaining mixture on bottom of greased 15x10 inch jellyroll pan.    Bake 15 minutes, or until lightly browned.    Meanwhile, in another mixing bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand  until smooth; beat in eggs. Spread over baked crust: top with  Mincemeat. Combine remaining 1 tablespoon brown sugar and cornstarch; stir in cranberry sauce. Spoon over Mincemeat. Top with reserved crumb mixture.   Bake 40 minutes or until golden. Cool. Chill. Cut into squares. Garnish as desired. Refrigerate leftovers."
"In large bowl, mix together Eagle Brand, butter, maple extract and nuts. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar.   Roll into 1-inch balls. Keep refrigerated until ready to dip.   In heavy saucepan or double broiler, over low heat, melt chocolate. Dip balls into chocolate. Place on wax paper lined baking sheet until set. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator.

Notes: Tip Candy mixture can be chilled in refrigerator up to 2 days before rolling into balls."
"In large bowl, combine Eagle Brand, milk and almond extract. With mixer, beat in pudding mix. Fold in thawed whipped topping.
 Spoon into crusts. Cover and chill at least 1 hour. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator.

Note: To remove crusts from foil pans, brush crusts with slightly beaten egg white (before filling); bake in 375  degrees  oven 5 minutes. Cool; remove from foil pans. Fill; chill."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees (325  degrees  for glass dish). In small bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs and butter; mix well.   Press crumb mixture firmly on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan. Pour Eagle Brand evenly over crumb mixture. Top with remaining ingredients; press down firmly with a fork.    Bake 25 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Cut into bars. Or for egg shapes, cut with egg- or oval-shaped cookie cutter. Store covered at room temperature.

 Uses for Leftovers from Egg-Shaped Bars: Use as ice cream sundae toppings; stir in vanilla pudding or vanilla yogurt; sprinkle on top of sliced strawberries, canned peanches or pear halves; top with whipped cream; stir in muffin batter; stir into ice cream shakes."
"In heavy saucepan, dissolve cornstarch in water; stir in Eagle Brand and egg yolks. Cook and stir until thickened and bubbly. Remove from heat; add butter and vanilla. Cool slightly.   Fold in coconut and set filling aside. Peel and slice bananas into rounds 1/4-inch thick. Toss bananas gently with lemon juice, then drain. Arrange on bottom of pie crust. Pour filling over bananas; cover.   Chill 4 hours or until set. Top with whipped cream. Garnish with toasted coconut and sliced bananas if desired. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (325  degrees F for glass pan). In small bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs and butter; mix well. Press crumb mixture firmly on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan.  Top evenly with coconut and then pour Eagle Brand evenly over coconut layer. Bake 25 minutes or until lightly browned.   In small saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate chips with peanut butter. Spread evenly over hot coconut layer.  Cool 30 minutes. Chill. Cut into bars. Store loosely covered at room temperature."
"Beat together until fluffy first five ingredients.   Mix together in a small mixing bowl four, soda, baking powder and nutmeg and stir into wet ingredients.  When combined add raisins.  Drop by heaping teapoons onto ungreased cookie sheet.  Bake for 15 Minutes or until golden brown."
"Pou 1 cup pie filling into crust. Bake 15 minutes. Chill remaining pie filling.  In large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand, eggs, lemon juice, vanilla and pour over blueberries.
Reduce oven temperature to 350  degrees F. Bake 25 minutes or until set. Cool. Chill. Serve with remaining chilled pie filling. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"Combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar and butter; press firmly on bottom of 8 or 9-inch square pan.   In small bowl, beat egg yolks, Eagle Brand, lemon juice and food coloring (optional). Pour into prepared pan.  Bake 30 minutes. Cool. Top with whipped cream.
 Freeze 4 hours or until firm. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish as desired. Freeze leftovers"
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (325  degrees F for glass dish). In 13x9-inch baking pan, melt butter in oven. Sprinkle crumbs evenly over butter; top with apples.   In heavy saucepan, over medium heat, melt butterscothch chips with Eagle brand. Pour butterscotch mixture evenly over apples.  Top with coconut and nuts; press down firmly. Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Cut into squares. Garnish as desired. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"In medium bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder and baking soda. Cut in butter and 1 teaspoon vanilla until crumbly. Press firmly on bottom of ungreased 13x9-inch baking pan.    Bake 15 minutes or until lightly browned. Top evenly with marshmallows; bake 2 minutes longer or until marshmallows begin to puff. Remove from oven; cool.
 In heavy saucepan, over medium heat, combine Eagle Brand and peanut butter; cook and stir until slightly thickened, 6 to 8 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in remaining ingredients and 2 teaspoons vanilla. Spread evenly over marshmallows. Cool. Chill. Cut into bars. Store loosely covered at room temperature."
"In heavy saucepan, over medium heat, melt chocoalte chips, butter, Eagle Brand and salt until smooth. Remove from heat; stir in chopped nuts and vanilla.   Drop by teaspoonfuls onto waxed paper lined baking sheets. Top with pecan halves. Chill. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"In large bowl cream butter and sugar on No. 5 speed for 2 1/2 minutes.  Add eggs one at a time beating 1/2 minute on No. 7 speed after each addition.Stop mixer, scrape sides and bottom of bowl and beaters.  On No. 3 speed,  beat in alternately, just until smooth - about 1/2 minute each time, flour mixture in four additions and milk combined with flavouring in 3.  Start and end with flour mixture.  Beat one minute after last additon.  Turn into pans and bake 25 to 30 minutes for layered cake and approximately 1 hour for one layer cake."
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate chips with Eagle Brand and salt. Remove from heat; stir in nuts and vanilla.  Spread evenly into wax paper lined 8- or 9-inch square pan. Chill 2 hours or until firm.  Turn fudge onto cutting board; peel off paper and cut into squares. Store covered in refrigerator.

Notes: Microwave: In 1-quart glass measure, combine chocolate chips with Eagle Brand and salt. Cook on HIGH (100% power) 3 minutes or until chips melt, stirring after 1 1/2 minutes. Stir in remaining ingredients. Proceed as above. Variations: Creamy Dark Chocolate Fudge: Melt 2 cups miniature marshmallows with chocolate chips and Eagle Brand. Proceed as above. Milk Chocolate Fudge: Omit 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips. Add 1 cup milk chocolate chips. Proceed as above. Rocky Road Fudge: Omit 1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips, salt, nuts and vanilla. In saucepan, melt chocolate chips with Eagle Brand and 2 tablespoons butter or margarine. In large bowl, combine 2 cups dry-roasted peanuts and 1 (10 1/2-ounce) package miniature marshmallows. Stir in chocolate mixture. Spread in wax paper-lined 13x9-inch pan. Proceed as above. (Makes about 2 3/4 pounds)"
"In a small bowl, stir together butter, parsley, rosemary and thyme; set aside.  Remove giblets and neck, if any, from chicken.  Rinse chicken inside and out; pat dry. Place onion, garlic and rosemary sprig in chicken cavity. Place chicken breast side up on rock in small roasting pan.  Using fingers, gently loosen skin from breast and legs of chicken. Spread half of the butter mixture evenly underneath the skin. Spread remaining butter all over outside of chicken. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. Tuck wings under back of chicken and tie legs together with kitchen string.  Roast in oven for abaut 11/2 hours or  until juices run clear when pierced and thermometer inserted in thigh registers 185"F (85"C). Transfer chicken to platter and tent with foil.

Gravy: Skim fat from roasting pan juices. Place roasting pan over medium-high heat and add chicken stock. Bring to a boil for 3 minutes, whisking up brown bits.   In a small bowl, mash together butter and flour. Add to chicken stock and cook, whisking for about 1 minute or until smooth and thickened. Pour into gravy boat and serve with chicken.

Garlic Mint Butter Option: Try another herb mixture to change the flavour of the chicken or use it alongside vegetables of your choice. In a bowl, combine 1/4 cup  of softened butter, 2 tbsp each of chopped fresh parsley and mint, and 2 small cloves of garlic, minced"
"In a saucepan cover cranberries with water.  Bring to a boil.  Cover and continue to boil gently for a few minutes or until cranberry skin bursts.  Add the sugar and return to a full rolling boil.  Remove from heat and set to cool.

Variation:  Cut the rind from 1 orange.  Chop the rind finely.  Discard the orange pits and membrane.  Chop the fruit pulp finely and add the pulp and rind to the cranberries and water."
"Cut beef into 1/2 inch (1.25 cm) cubes. Combine beef with remaining ingredients (onions through cinnamon) in a 4 quart (4 L) slow cooker. Cover and cook on low heat setting for 6 - 7 hours or until beef is tender. May be frozen for up to 1 month. Serves 8."
"In large bowl, combine cake mix, water, 3 eggs, oil and 1/3 cup Eag;e Bramd. Beat on low speed until moistened, then beat on high speed 2 minutes.   Pour into well-greased and floured 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 40 to 45 minutes or until toothpick inserted near center comes out clean.   In small saucepan, combine remaining Eag;e Bramd, egg yolk and butter. Over low heat, cook and stir until thickened, about 6 minutes. Add pecans, coconut and vanilla; spread over warm cake. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"In large saucepan, combine Eagle Brand, cocoa, vanilla and salt; mix well.   Over medium heat, slowly stir in water; heat through, stirring occasionally. Top with marshmallows (optional).

Notes: Tip: Leftover Creamy Hot Chocolate can be stored in refrigerator up to 5 days. Mix well and reheat before serving. MICROWAVE METHOD: In 2-quart glass measure, combine all ingredients except marshmallows. Microwave on HIGH (100% power) 8 to 10 minutes, stirring every 3 minutes. Top with marshmallows (optional)."
" Lightly spray 8-or 9-inch square baking pan with non-stick cooking spray. Combine apples and Mincement in prepared pan and mix thoroughly.    In large bowl, combine brown sugar, flour, cinnamon and oats; cut in butter until crumbly. Sprinkle topping over fruit mixture. Bake 35 to 45 minutes or until apples are tender. Serve warm with whipped topping or ice cream. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator"
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate chips with Eagle Brand and salt. Remove from heat; stir in nuts (optional) and vanilla.
 Spread evenly into wax paper lined 8- or 9-inch square pan. Chill 2 hours or until firm.  Turn fudge onto cutting board, peel off paper and cut into squares. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator.

 Notes: OTHER GREAT FUDGE FLAVORS: Chocolate Peanut Butter Chip Glazed Fudge: Proceed as above but stir in 3/4 cup peanut butter chips in place of nuts. Glaze: Melt 1/2 cup peanut butter chips with 1/2 cup whipping cream; stir until thick and smooth. Spread over fudge. Marshmallow Fudge: Proceed as above but omit nuts and add 2 tablespoons butter to mixture; fold in 2 cups miniature marshmallows. Gift Giving Tips: Create delicious homemade gifts by serving up several varieties of this fudge in decorative tins or boxes. Simply wrap up individual pieces of fudge in colored cellophane, candy wrappers, gold and silver foil or place in candy cups and arrange in gift boxes or bags."
"Line 2 (8- or 9-inch) round cake pans with wax paper. In small bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form; set aside.   In large bowl, beat butter and sugar until fluffy. Add egg yolks and extracts; mix well.
 In medium bowl, combine almonds, flour, cocoa, baking powder and baking soda; add alternately with milk to butter mixture, beating well after each addition.   Fold in beaten egg whites. Pour into prepared pans. Bake 18 to 20 minutes or until toothpick inserted near center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pans. Cool completely.
Prepare Chocolate Almond Frosting. Split each cake layer; fill and frost with frosting. Garnish as desired. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (325  degrees F for glass baking pan). In small bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs and butter; mix well. Press crumb mixture firmly on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan.    Pour Eagle Brand evenly over crumb mixture. Layer evenly with remaining ingredients; press down firmly with fork.    Bake 25 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Chill if desired. Cut into bars or diamonds. Store covered at room temperature."
"In heavy saucepan, over medium heat, melt chocolate chips and butter with Eagle Brand and water. Cook and stir constantly until thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove from heat. Add vanilla.
Serve warm as a fruit and cookie/cracker dipping sauce or drizzle over ice cream or cake. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator.

Notes: Dippers: Pound cake cubes, cherries with stems, orange sections, melons balls, pineapple chunks, strawberries, banana slices, apple wedges, grapes, dried apricots, peach chunks, plum slices, pear slices, angel food cake cubes, kiwifruit slices and marshmallows.

Tip: Can be served warm or cold over ice cream. Can be made several days ahead. Store tightly covered in refrigerator."
"In large bowl, beat butter, confectioners' sugar, and salt until fluffy. Add flour; mix well.   With floured hands, press evenly into greased 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 20 to 25 minutes or until lightly browned.
 In heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate chips with EAGLE BRAND, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in extract. Spread evenly over shortbread.  Garnish with almonds; press down firmly. Chill 3 hours or until firm. Cut into bars. Store covered at room temperature."
"In small bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs and butter; mix well. Press crumb mixture firmly on bottom of 13X9-inch baking pan.  Pour Eagle Brand evenly over crumb mixture. Layer evenly with remaining ingredients; press down firmly with fork.   Bake 25 to 30 minutes or until lightly browned. Cool. Cut into bars. Store leftovers covered at room temperature.   For perfectly cut bars: Line entire pan with a sheet of aluminum foil first. When bars are cool, lift up edges of foil to remove from pan. Cut into individual squares. Lift off foil.

Notes: You may substitute butterscotch flavored chips or white chocolate chips for the semi-sweet chocolate chips and/or peanut butter chips."
"In heavy saucepan, over low heat, combine Eag;e Bramd, caramels and chocolate; stir until smooth. Stir in butter and jam until smooth.
 Serve warm over pound cake. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"Combine flour and sugars; cut in butter until crumbly. Stir in nuts. Reserving 1 1/2 cups crumb mixture, press remaining crumb mixture on bottom and halfway up sides of 13x9-inch baking dish. Spoon mincemeat over crust.   Combine remaining ingredients except reserved crumb mixture; mix well. Pour over mincemeat. Top with reserved crumb mixture.   Bake 15 minutes; reduce oven to 350  degrees F. Bake 40 minutes longer or until golden brown around edges. Cool. Cut into squares. Serve warm or at room temperature. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"In a large bowl combine rhubarb, blueberries, sugar, flour, cinn, lemon ju and water. Mix well. Pour into a greased 9 by 12" baking dish.

For topping, in a small bowl combine topping ingredients, sprinkle topping over fruit. Bake 45 min. until rhubarb is tender - best served warm."
"Mix sugar, flour, baking soda, cinnamon, and salt. Add oil and eggs. Stir until mixed well. Add blueberries. Pour into 2 bread pans sprayed with non-stick cooking spray and bake for 1 hour."
"Grease a 9x13 inch pan.  In a medium bowl, stir together 1 cup sugar, 3 cups flour, and baking powder. Mix in salt and cinnamon, if desired. Use a fork or pastry cutter to blend in the shortening and egg. Dough will be crumbly. Pat half of dough into the prepared pan.  In another bowl, stir together the sugar and cornstarch. Gently mix in the blueberries. Sprinkle the blueberry mixture evenly over the crust. Crumble remaining dough over the berry layer.  Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until top is slightly brown. Cool completely before cutting into squares."
"Place 2 tablespoons of butter in a large skillet.   Add onion, parsley, oregano, carrots.  Cook and stir until the vegetables are soft.  Stir in boullion and water.  Bring mixture to a boil.  Stir in potatoes and cook until tender but still firm.  In a medium saucepan melt the remaining 2 tablespoons butter.  Stir in turkey and flour.  Add the milk and heat through.  Sitr the turkey mixture into the vegetable mixture and cook until thickened.  Pour mixture into the unbaked pie shell.  Roll out top crust and place on top of filling.  Flute edges and make four slits in the top crust to let out the steam.  Bake for one hour or until crust is golden brown."
"Prepare brownie mix as package directs. Spread into well-greased 13x9-inch baking pan; bake 15 minutes.  In large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand until smooth. Add eggs, peppermint extract and food coloring (optional); mix well. Pour evenly over brownie. Bake 25 minutes or until lightly browned; cool.
Spread with frosting (optional). Cut into bars. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"In heavy saucepan, combine peanuts, Eagle Brand and vanilla. Over medium heat, cook and stir 8 to 10 minutes or until mixture forms ball around spoon and pulls away from side of pan.   Cool 10 minutes. Chill if desired. Shape into 1-inch balls.    In small heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt confectioners  degrees  coating. With wooden toothpick, dip each ball into melted coating, covering half of ball.   Place on wax paper lined baking sheets until firm. Store leftovers covered at room temperature or in refrigerator.

In heavy saucepan, combine peanuts, EAGLE BRAND  degrees  and vanilla. Over medium heat, cook and stir 8 to 10 minutes or until mixture forms ball around spoon and pulls away from side of pan.
 Cool 10 minutes. Chill if desired. Shape into 1-inch balls.
 In small heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt confectioners  degrees  coating. With wooden toothpick, dip each ball into melted coating, covering half of ball.   Place on wax paper lined baking sheets until firm. Store leftovers covered at room temperature or in refrigerator.

In heavy saucepan, combine peanuts, EAGLE BRAND  degrees  and vanilla. Over medium heat, cook and stir 8 to 10 minutes or until mixture forms ball around spoon and pulls away from side of pan.
 Cool 10 minutes. Chill if desired. Shape into 1-inch balls.
 In small heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt confectioners  degrees  coating. With wooden toothpick, dip each ball into melted coating, covering half of ball.   Place on wax paper lined baking sheets until firm. Store leftovers covered at room temperature or in refrigerator.

Notes: * Candy coating (also called confectioners  degrees  coating) is usually purchased in the grocery store baking section or can be purchased in candy specialty stores."
"Top layer: Beat cream cheese and 2 Tablespoons butter until soft. Beat in 1/4 cup of sugar. Stir in 1 egg, 1 Tablespoon flour, and all the coconut. Fold in 1/2 cup sliced almonds. Set aside.

Bottom layer: Melt chocolate chips and 4 Tablespoons butter over low heat (in sauce pan or microwave); watch carefully! Remove from heat. Stir in 1/2 cup sugar and vanilla. Beat 2 eggs. Stir in 1/2 cup flour, baking powder, and salt. Fold in 1/2 cup sliced almonds.

Spread chocolate batter into 8-inch square greased pan. Spread cheese batter on top. Bake at 350 degrees (325 degrees if using a glass pan) for 35 to 40 minutes or until toothpick inserted into center comes out almost clean. (Do not overbake.)

Can drizzle melted chocolate over brownies. Cool. Cut into squares. Enjoy!"
"In large bowl, beat brown sugar, butter, 1 teaspoon vanilla and the egg with electric mixer on medium speed, or mix with spoon. Stir in flour, baking soda and salt.   Divide dough in half. Shape each half into roll, about 2 inches in diameter and about 8 inches long. Wrap and refrigerate about 2 hours or until firm.    Cut rolls into 1/8-inch slices. Place 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheet. Bake 6 to 8 minutes or until light brown. Cool slightly; remove from cookie sheet to wire rack.   Meanwhile, in medium bowl, mix powdered sugar, milk, 1/2 teaspoon vanilla and the food color until smooth and spreadable. Frost cookies and decorate with colored gels, sprinkles and sugars."
"In 2-quart saucepan, heat sugar, cocoa, water, cinnamon and nutmeg over low heat, stirring constantly, until mixture is smooth. Heat to boiling; reduce heat. Simmer 4 minutes, stirring constantly.  Stir in milk. Heat over low heat. Pour cocoa into 6 mugs. Top each with 2 tablespoons marshmallow creme."
"Place all the dough ingredients, except the raisins and fruit, in the bread machine pan. Set on the dough only cycle. Add the raisins and candied fruit at the bread machine's signal for adding extra ingredients. Remove the dough from the bread machine at end of dough cycle. Place it in a bowl, cover with a cloth and let it rest for 10 minutes.

**Divide the dough into 12 pieces. Shape the pieces into balls and place them 3 inches apart on a lightly greased baking sheet. Cover and let rise in warm place until almost doubled, about 45 minutes to an hour. Bake in a preheated oven at 375  degrees  for 15 to 18 minutes, or until light brown on top. Remove from the oven. Place the baking sheet full of buns on a wire rack to cool. Prepare the glaze, then spread it over the warm buns. Let the buns continue to cool on the baking sheet. When completely cool, fill a cake decorating bag, fitted with a round tip, with icing. Pipe an icing cross on each bun. Or... simply spoon narrow stips of icing, in the shape of a cross, on each bun.

**To prepare this recipe without a bread machine, use this mixer method -
Mix the yeast, 1 cup flour, sugar, salt, and other spices in a bowl. In a separate bowl, mix the milk and water together. Combine the dry ingredients mixture, the liquid ingredients, and the butter in a large bowl. Beat for 2 to 3 minutes at medium speed. Add the egg and beat 1 more minute. Stir in the raisins, fruit, and enough of the remaining flour to make a firm dough. Knead the dough on a floured surface for about 5 to 7 minutes or until smooth and elastic. Use additional flour if necessary. Place in a lightly greased bowl; turn over to grease the other side of the dough. Cover and let rise in a warm place. After about 15 minutes, test the dough to see if it has risen sufficiently and is ready to be shaped. To test, gently stick two fingers into the risen dough up to the second knuckle... take them out. If the indentations remain, the dough is ripe and ready. Continue to follow the preparation directions above, from the"
"Cook fetucine according to package direction, omitting salt and adding broccoli for last 4 minutes of cooking time.  Drain and set aside.  Heat margarine in skillet over medium high heat.  Add chicken and cook until brown, stirring often.  Add cooking suace, cheese, pepper and fetucine mixture and heat trhough, stirring often."
"Put warm water, butter, skim milk powder, 1/4 cup sugar, salt, egg, egg white, flour, and yeast in bread maker and start on dough program.   When 5 minutes of kneading are left, add currants and cinnamon. Leave in machine till double.   Punch down on floured surface, cover, and let rest 10 minutes.  Shape into 12 balls and place in a greased 9 x 12 inch pan. Cover and let rise in a warm place till double, about 35-40 minutes.  Mix egg yolk and 2 tablespoons water. Brush on balls.  Remove from pan immediately and cool on wire rack.
To make crosses: mix together confectioners' sugar, vanilla, and milk. Brush an X on each cooled bun."
"Place the flour, baking powder and salt into a mixing bowl. Stir all of the ingredients together until evenly combined. Set aside.  Pour the buttermilk into another mixing bowl. Add the eggs, vanilla and oil into the bowl.  Add the flour mix into the bowl with the buttermilk.  Continue to fold the ingredients together until evenly combined with a few small lumps remaining in the batter. Do not over mix the batter.
Heat 1/4 tsp. of vegetable oil on a griddle or in a large non-stick pan. Using a 4 oz. ladle, pour the batter onto the griddle or into the non-stick pan, forming one pancake that is 6  degrees  in diameter.  Drizzle equal amounts of cinnamon swirl onto each pancake in a spiral motion.
Cook the pancakes for approximately 2-1/2 minutes or until the edges begin to dry and puff up with little air bubbles will start appearing over the top surface of the pancakes.  Flip each pancake over and continue to cook for another 1-1/2 minutes or until done. Place two pancakes onto each serving plate. Drizzle the vanilla icing and sprinkle the powdered sugar over each stack of pancakes."
"Prepare and bake cake mix as package directs for two 9-inch layers. Remove cakes from pans; cool.   In large bowl, beat Eagle Brand and chocolate until well blended. Gradually beat in water and pudding mix until smooth. Chill 30 minutes. Beat until smooth. Fold in whipped cream. Chill at least one hour.   Place one cake layer on serving plate; top with 1 1/2 cups mousse mixture. Top with remaining cake layer. Frost side and top of cake with remaining mousse mixture."
"In small bowl, combine graham cracker crumbs and butter; mix well. Press crumb mixture firmly on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan.   Top evenly with coconut, then pour Eagle Brand evenly over coconut layer. Bake 25 minutes or until lightly browned.   In small saucepan, over low heat, melt chocolate chips with peanut butter. Spread evenly over hot coconut layer.  Cool 30 minutes. Chill. Cut into bars. Store leftovers loosely covered at room temperature."
"In food processor process butter, flour, brown sugar, walnuts and salt until mixture begins to form small lumps. Press mixture firmly on bottom of lightly greased 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 20 minutes or until golden.  In medium bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand. Add eggs until just combined. Stir in lemon juice and vanilla.   Evenly spread preserves over hot crust then pour Eagle Brand mixture over top. Bake 25 to 30 minutes until slightly puffed. Cool. Chill. Sprinkle with confectioners  degrees  sugar (optional). Cut into bars. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"Line 8x4-inch loaf pan with foil. In large bowl, mash 2 cups of strawberries. Stir in agle Brand, lemon juice and 2 cups of Cool Whip; pour into pan.   In small bowl, combine cookie crumbs and butter; press cookie crumbs into top of mixture. Cover.   Freeze at least 6 hours. To serve: invert onto plate. Remove foil. Frost with remaining Cool Whip. Slice remaining strawberries and place on top of Cool Whip. Store leftovers covered in freezer."
"Combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar and butter; press firmly on bottom of 8 or 9-inch square pan.   In small bowl, beat egg yolks, Eagle Brand, lemon juice and food coloring (optional). Pour into prepared pan.  Bake 30 minutes. Cool. Top with whipped cream.
 Freeze 4 hours or until firm. Let stand for 10 minutes before serving. Garnish as desired. Store leftovers covered in freezer."
"In large bowl, beat butter and cream cheese until fluffy; stir in flour. Divide dough into quarters. On floured surface, shape 1 quarter into a smooth ball. Divide into 12 balls. Place each ball in a 1 3/4-inch muffin cup; press evenly on bottom and up side of each cup. Repeat with remaining dough.   In medium bowl, combine Eagle Brand, eggs and extracts; mix well. Stir in coconut. Fill muffin cups 3/4 full. Bake 16 to 18 minutes or until slightly browned. Cool in pans; remove. Store leftovers loosely covered at room temperature.

Notes: Chocolate Macaroon Cups: Beat 1/4 cup unsweetened cocoa into egg mixture; proceed as above."
"In bowl, whisk Eagle Branad and lemon juice; set aside.    In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar together. With a pastry blender, combine flour, baking powder, salt and oatmeal. Mix thoroughly.
Spray an 8x8-inch baking pan; line with wax paper. Spread crust mixture into pan and pat down. Pour filling over crust.   Bake 35 to 40 minutes or until brown around the edges. Cool in pan at room temperature for 30 minutes.   Cover and cool completely in refrigerator before cutting. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"In heavy saucepan, combine peanuts, Eagle Brand and vanilla. Over medium heat, cook and stir 8 to 10 minutes or until mixture forms ball around spoon and pulls away from side of pan.    Cool 10 minutes. Chill if desired. Shape into 1-inch balls.    In small heavy saucepan, over low heat, melt confectioners  degrees  coating. With wooden toothpick, dip each ball into melted coating, covering half of ball.    Place on wax paper lined baking sheets until firm. Store leftovers covered at room temperature or in refrigerator.

Notes: * Candy coating (also called confectioners  degrees  coating) is usually purchased in the grocery store baking section or can be purchased in candy specialty stores"
"Combine wafer crumbs, sugar and butter; press firmly on bottom of 13x9-inch baking pan. Bake 8 minutes. Cool.    Reduce oven temperature to 300F. In large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Gradually beat in Eagle Brand until smooth. Add eggs and lemon juice; mix well.   Spread preserves evenly over prepared crust. Pour cream cheese mixture over preserves.  Bake 45 to 50 minutes or until center is set. Cool. Chill thoroughly. Garnish as desired. Store leftovers covered in refrigerator."
"Mix ingredients.  Pour 3/4 cup over ham during last half hour of baking.  Heat remaining sauce and serve with ham."
"Sift flour once. Add baking powder and slat and sift together.  Cream margarine thoroughly while adding sugar gradually until light and fluffy.  Add eggs, one at a time, beating throoughly.  Add nuts and raisins and beat well.  Add flour, alternately with small amount of milk, beating after each addition until smooth.  Add vanila.  Bake in two greased 0 inch layer pans for 25 minutes.  Spread frosting between layers and on top and sides of cake.  Decorate top of cake if desired."
"In small saucepan melt butter to a bubble, but don't brown it.  In a blender add egg yolks, lemon juice, salt and cayenne pepper.  While blending at high speed, add the hot butter.  Blend for about 15 seconds or until the suace has thickened and is smooth."
"Thaw and bake pie shell according to directions.  Cool.  Cook lemon pie filling according to directions , but use 2 whole eggs 1/3 cup cold water and 1 3/4 cups boiling water.  Cool 5 minutes.  Beat cream cheese until smooth.  Reserve one cup pie filling for top.  Gradually blend remaining pie filling into cream cheese.   Pour into crust and refrigerate for 15 minutes.  Spread reserved pie filling over top.  Refrigerate 3 hours.  Garnish with whipped cream and lemon slices if desired."
"Place all the dough ingredients, except the raisins and fruit, in the bread machine pan. Set on the dough only cycle. Add the raisins and candied fruit at the bread machine's signal for adding extra ingredients. Remove the dough from the bread machine at end of dough cycle. Place it in a bowl, cover with a cloth and let it rest for 10 minutes.  Divide the dough into 12 pieces. Shape the pieces into balls and place them 3 inches apart on a lightly greased baking sheet. Cover and let rise in warm place until almost doubled, about 45 minutes to an hour. Bake for 15 to 18 minutes, or until light brown on top. Remove from the oven. Place the baking sheet full of buns on a wire rack to cool. Prepare the glaze, then spread it over the warm buns. Let the buns continue to cool on the baking sheet. When completely cool, fill a cake decorating bag, fitted with a round tip, with icing. Pipe an icing cross on each bun. Or... simply spoon narrow stips of icing, in the shape of a cross, on each bun"
"Cut loaf of bread in half lengthwise. Combine butter and garlic and spread over both halves of bread.  Top with mozzarella cheese, basil, parsley and pepper flakes and sprinkle over mozzarella.  Place in a 15in. X 10 in. x1 in. baking pan.    Bake 10-13 minutes or until cheese is melted and edges are golden brown. Slice and serve warm."
"Use a 9x5-inch loaf pan and spray with non-stick spray or line with foil and spray with nonstick spray to get out easily for slicing. Mix brown sugar and cinnamon together in a bowl. Set aside. In another medium-sized bowl, beat white sugar and butter together using an electric mixer until smooth and creamy. Beat in eggs, I at a time, until blended in; add in vanilla extract. Combine & whisk flour and baking powder together in another bowl and add into creamed butter mixture and stir until blended. Mix milk into batter until smooth. Pour half the batter into the prepared loaf pan; add half the apples and half the brown sugar/cinnamon mixture. Lightly pat apple mixture into batter. Pour the remaining batter over apple layer and top with remaining apples and brown sugar/cinnamon mixture. Lightly pat apples into batter; swirl brown sugar mixture through apples using knife or spoon. Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center of the loaf comes out clean, approximately 50-60 minutes. To make glaze, mix powdered sugar and milk or cream together until well mixed. Let cool for about 15 minutes before drizzling with glaze."
"Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Place the bacon in a [arge, deep skitlet and cook over medium-high heat, turning
occasiona[ty, untilcrisp and eventy browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on a papertowet-tined ptate; crumbte the drained bacon into a bow[. Stir in the cream cheese, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, Worcestershire sauce, and pepper untiI evenly rnixed. Spoon
the fitting into the mushroom caps and place into an 8 x 8-inch baking dish. Sprinkte with the remaining 2 tablespoons of Parmesan cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven untitthe mushrooms are tender and the fitting is golden brown, 25-30 Minutes."
"In a stand mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, mix the yolks, the whole egg, sugar, measured butter, buttermilk and 3/4 of the orange zest (set aside the remaining orange zest for the icing). Add 2 cups of the flour, the yeast, and salt; mix briefly, until the flour is evenly moistened. Switch to the dough hook attachment and add the remaining 1 3/4 cups of flour-the mixture will come together to form a shaggy-looking dough. Knead on low speed until the dough is smooth and moist but not too sticky, 5 to 7 minutes. Oil a large mixing bowl. Scrape the dough into the bowl, then flip the dough over to ensure it's evenly coated with oil (this will keep it from drying out as it rises). Cover with plastic wrap. Let the dough rise at room temperature until doubled, from 2 to 2 1/2 hours, depending on the temperature in your kitchen. To make the filling and shape the rolls: In a medium bowl using a spatula or wooden spoon, stir together the brown sugar, cinnamon, butter, and pinch of salt until it's evenly mixed. Set aside at room temperature. Transfer the risen dough to a lightly floured work surface. Roll out to a rectangle measuring 15 inches by 11 inches. Spread the filling evenly over the dough, leaving a 1/2-inch border all the way around. Starting at one of the shorter sides, roll the dough into a log, pinching gently to keep it rolled up tight. With the seam side down, use a sharp knife to cut the log into 12 equal slices. Spray a 7-inch by 11-inch baking dish with nonstick spray. Arrange the rolls in the dish cut side up (there will be almost no space between the rolls).[Cover the baking dish with plastic wrap and let the dough rise in a warm, draft-free corner of your kitchen until it's almost doubled in volume,40 to 45 minutes (if your kitchen is cool, it may take longer).
To bake and glaze: Position a rack in the center of your oven and preheat it to 375  degrees F.  Bake until the tops of the rolls are golden, about 20 minutes. While the rolls are baking, make the glaze. With an electric mixer, combine the cream cheese, powdered sugar, butter, and vanilla. Beat until smooth. Set aside. When the rolls are done, remove from the oven and immediately invert the pan onto a rack to cool.  Turn the rolls right side up, let cool for 10 ninutes.  Spread the glaze on the rolls,  Serve warm or at room temperature."
"In a large bowl, combine 1 l/2 cups flour, sugar, yeast, Iemon peel and salt. In a small saucepan, heat sour cream, butter and water to 120  degrees -130  degrees   add to dry ingredients. Beat on medium speed 2 minutes. Add eggs and l/2 cup flour; beat 2 minutes longer. Stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft dough (dough will be sticky). Turn onto a floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, about 6-8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease the top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about t hour. Punch dough down; turn onto a floured surface. RolI into an 18x12-in. rectangle. Spread lemon curd to within l/2 in. of edges. Roll up jelly-roll style, starting with a long side; pinch seams to seal. Cut into 12 slices. Place rolls, cut side down, in a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Cover and let rise until doubled, about 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Brush rolls with beaten egg and sprinkle with walnuts if desired. Bake 25-30 minutes or until golden brown.In a small bowl, combine icing ingredients; drizzle over warm rolls."
"Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  In a large bowl, combine 1 cup water, oil, sugar, and yeast. Let sit until yeast is bubbly (about 8 minutes). Stir in beaten egg softened butter and salt.  With a stand mixer or by hand, add flour, one cup at a time until you have a soft dough that isn  degrees t sticky. Knead by hand 10 minutes or 5 minutes with a stand mixer.  Divide dough into 18 even pieces, cover with parchment paper and a kitchen towel in a warm place. Let rise 10 minutes. (You can allow them to rise up to an additional 30 minutes if time allows)  Lightly brush with milk and bake on the middle rack for 10-12 minutes or just
until browned."
"Put the milk (95-115 degrees Fahrenheit) and the butter in the bowl of a stand mixer. Sprinkle the yeast over the milk. (If the yeast is not instant yeast, let it sit for 5 minutes to activate.)  Add the sugar, eggs, salt, and flour. With a paddle attachment for your stand mixer, mix for a few seconds until just combined. Let this mixture sit for about 5 minutes.  Switch the attachment to the dough hook and knead on medium speed for 10 minutes.  Cover the dough and let it rise in a warm place for 30 minutes or until doubled.  Divide and roll dough into 15 balls. You may have more or less depending on the size you make the rolls.  Place in a greased 9x13 pan. Cover and rise for 15-20 minutes.   Bake at 375 for 13 to 16 minutes or until lightly browned.
Serve warm.
Recipe Notes
*You can make this bread without a stand mixer. Simply mix and knead by hand. Be sure not to add extra flour when kneading by hand. The dough should be sticky. *You can also use a breadmaker. Simply add the ingredients to the bread machine according to manufacturer's instructions. Use the dough setting, then prepare the dough as indicated above."
"Pour the warm milk in the bowl of a stand mixer and sprinkle the yeast overtop.  Add the eggs, butter, salt and sugar. Add the flour and mix using the beater blade just until the ingredients are barely combined. Allow the mixture to rest for 5 minutes so the flour has time to soak up the liquids.  Scrape the dough off the beater blade and remove it. Attach the dough hook.  Beat the dough on medium speed for 5-7 minutes or until the dough is elastic and smooth. **The dough will be tacky and will still be sticking to the sides of the bowl. That's ok! Don't be tempted to add more flour at this point.  Spray a large bowl with cooking spray.  Use a rubber spatula to remove the dough from the mixer bowl and place it in the greased large bowl.   Cover the bowl with a towel or wax paper.  Set the bowl in a warm place and allow the dough to rise until double. I like to turn on the oven to the lowest setting for 1-2 minutes. Then turn off the oven and place the dough to rise in there. It normally takes about 30 minutes for the dough to rise. Do not allow the dough to rise too much or your cinnamon rolls will be airy.  While the dough is rising, prepare the cinnamon filling. In a medium bowl, combine the soft butter, brown sugar and cinnamon, mixing until well combined. Set aside.  um bowl, combine the soft butter, brown sugar and cinnamon, mixing until well combined. Set aside.  Sprinkle a pastry mat generously with flour. Turn out the dough onto the pastry mat and sprinkle the top of the dough with additional flour.   Flour a rolling pin and roll the dough to about a 12x15" rectangle.  Use a rubber spatula to smooth the cinnamon filling over the whole dough rectangle.  Starting on the long end, roll  the dough up tightly jelly roll style.  Cut into 12 slices and place in a greased 9x13 baking pan.  Cover the pan and allow the rolls to rise for 20 minutes or until nearly double.  Preheat the oven to 375 degrees.  Warm the heavy cream until the chill is off. Don't make it hot...you just don't want it cold. It should be warm to the touch.  Once the rolls have risen, pour the heavy cream over the top of the rolls, allowing it to soak down in and around the rolls.  Add in your favorite extract and the powdered sugar. Beat until combined.  Spread the frosting over the cooled rolls.  Store in an airtight container."
"Preheat oven to 400  degrees  F and lightly grease a large sheet cake pan with butter or non-stick spray.  .In a medium bowl, sift together flour, baking powder and salt, and set aside.  Cream together butter, sugar and brown sugar in a large bowl or mixer for 3-4 minutes, or until light and fluffy.  One at a time, beat in eggs, waiting until each is incorporated before adding the next, then add vanilla extract.  Starting and ending with the dry ingredients, alternate between mixing in the flour mixture and milk. Be careful not to overmix.  If using, fold in chopped pecans.  Pour batter into greased cake pan and place in oven. Bake for 20 minutes, or until toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Remove from oven and let cool 10 minutes.  While cake cools, prepare frosting. Combine butter, heavy cream and brown sugar in a medium saucepan over medium-high heat. Whisk everything together and bring to a boil, then stir in vanilla extract and remove from heat.
Stir in powdered sugar and whisk until smooth, then pour frosting over cooling cake. Optional: fold pecans into frosting before pouring, or sprinkle over the top."
"Line two 9-in. round baking pans with waxed paper. Grease and flour the pans and paper; set aside.   In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Combine the flour, cinnamon, cloves, baking soda, baking powder and salt. Add to the creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk, beating well after each addition. Fold in cherries and pecans.   Transfer batter to prepared pans. Bake at 350  degrees  for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely.  For frosting, in a large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Add confectioners  degrees  sugar and enough water to achieve spreading consistency. Tint with food coloring if desired. Spread frosting between layers and over top and sides of cake. Garnish with additional pecans. Store in the refrigerator."
" Grease and flour three 9-in. round baking pans.  In a large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in vanilla. In another bowl, whisk flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with sour cream, beating well after each addition. Stir in water until blended. Transfer to prepared pans. Bake 30-35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans 10 minutes before removing to wire racks to cool completely.
For frosting, in a metal bowl over simmering water, melt butter and chocolates; stir until smooth. Cool slightly.  In a large bowl, combine confectioners' sugar, sour cream and vanilla. Add chocolate mixture; beat until smooth. Spread frosting between layers and over top and sides of cake. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Line an 8x8-inch glass or ceramic baking dish with parchment paper and spray sides and bottom. If using a metal baking pan, heat oven to 325.  Mix flour, sugar, cocoa powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt in bowl of stand mixer.  Add in egg, milk, oil, and vanilla and mix on low until incorporated. When mixed in increase speed to medium and mix for 2 minutes.  Add in boiling water and gently stir- batter will be very thin.  Pour batter into prepared dish. Bake for 35-40 minutes, or until an inserted toothpick is removed clean. Cool for 10 minutes in pan, then continue cooling on a rack until room temperature.  While cake is cooling, make the frosting.  In a medium microwave-safe bowl, heat the chocolate chips in the microwave at 50% power in 30-second increments, stirring after each heating, until they are fully melted.  Add the sour cream and vanilla and stir by hand until frosting is well combined and fluffier.  Spread over cooled cake."
"  degrees
In a bowl, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Combine flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with milk, beating until smooth after each addition. Pour batter into a greased and floured 13x9-in. pan.   Bake at 350  degrees  for 35-40 minutes or until cake tests done. Cool on a wire rack. When cake is cool, dust with confectioners' sugar, or frost with your favorite frosting."
"Sift the flour, sugar, cocoa, baking soda, baking powder, and salt into the bowl and mix until combined.  In another bowl, combine the buttermilk, oil, eggs, and vanilla.  With the mixer on low speed, slowly add the wet ingredients to the dry. With mixer still on low, add the coffee and stir just to combine, scraping the bottom of the bowl with a rubber spatula. Pour the batter into the prepared pans and bake for 35 to 40 minutes at 350, until a cake tester comes out clean.  Cool in the pans for 30 minutes, then turn them out onto a cooling rack and cool completely"
"Filling
Pour cold milk into a small saucepan. Before turning on the heat, whisk in flour so no lumps remain.  Turn heat on to medium-low and heat until mixture is thick, like a roux, stirring the whole time.  Remove from heat, stir in vanilla and let cool completely.  Cream together butter and sugar on medium-high speed, until fluffy, about 8 minutes.  Add in the milk mixture and beat again until mixture resembles a whipped cream.

Ganache
Heat the heavy cream in a quart-sized, microwavable container and microwave for 3 to 4 minutes on high, or until it just begins to simmer. Be careful not to allow the cream to boil over. Pour the cream over the chopped chocolate and let stand for 2 minutes.   Whisk the frosting until smooth."
"Prepare 3 (9-inch) round cake pans with nonstick spray, then line the bottom of each pan with parchment paper, and cover the paper with nonstick.   Spread pecans out evenly into a single layer in a pan, then bake 6-8 minutes, or until toasted and fragrant, stirring halfway through to toast evenly.  In a large mixing bowl, whisk together flour, sugar, cinnamon, salt, baking soda, and nutmeg. Add eggs, oil, and vanilla, stirring until just moistened. Gently fold in the bananas, pineapple, and 1 cup of the toasted pecans - batter should be quite thick, like a banana bread batter. Pour batter evenly into prepared cake pans.  Bake cakes for 28-30 minutes. Cool in pans on a cooling rack about 10 minutes, then remove cakes from pans to cooling rack, and cool completely (about 30 minutes). Remove and discard parchment paper.  While cakes are cooling, prepare cream cheese frosting. In a large mixing bowl, beat cream cheese, softened butter, and vanilla extract until smooth. Add in powdered sugar gradually, beating on low until blended. Beat on medium for another 3 minutes, or until fluffy. Place 1 cooled cake layer on a cake stand or serving plate. Top with one-fourth of cream cheese frosting. Repeat once, then top with remaining cake layer. Spread remaining frosting over top and sides of cake. Garnish with remaining pecans."
"Spray a bundt pan with cooking spray and set aside.  In a medium bowl, combine together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Whisk in the orange and lemon zest. Set aside.  In the bowl of your electric mixer, use the paddle attachment to mix the butter and sugar together for 2 to 3 minutes until light and fluffy.  To the bowl of your mixer add the lemon juice, orange juice, milk, the eggs and mix to combine. Begin adding the flour mixture a little bit at a time. Scrape the sides of the bowl as necessary. Mix for a couple minutes until the batter is smooth and all the ingredients are well incorporated.  Pour the batter into the prepared bundt pan and bake for 50 min to an hour until done. Check the center of the cake with a toothpick and if it comes out clean it's done.  To make the lemon honey glaze whisk all the ingredients together in a small bowl.  Let cake cool on a wire rack. Once cool, drizzle the cake with the lemon honey glaze and decorate with additional lemon or orange zest if preferred"
""
"Place rhubarb in a greased 10-in. heavy oven-proof skillet. Combine sugar, flour and nutmeg; sprinkle over rhubarb. Drizzle with butter; set aside. For batter, in a large bowl, beat the butter and sugar until blended. Beat in the egg. Combine the flour, baking powder, nutmeg and salt. Gradually add to egg mixture alternately with milk, beating well after each addition.   Spread over rhubarb mixture. Bake at 350  degrees  for 35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Loosen edges immediately and invert onto a serving dish. Serve warm. Serve with whipped cream if desired."
"Grease a 15x10x1-in. baking pan.   In a large bowl, whisk the first five ingredients. In a small saucepan, combine butter and water; bring just to a boil. Stir into flour mixture. In a small bowl, whisk eggs, sour cream and extract until blended; add to flour mixture, whisking constantly.   Transfer to prepared pan. Bake until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 18-22 minutes. Cool on a wire rack 20 minutes.   For frosting, combine butter and milk in a large saucepan; bring just to a boil. Remove from heat; gradually stir in confectioners' sugar and extract. Stir in walnuts. Spread over warm cake.
Test Kitchen Tips
This makes a big, beautiful birthday cake with plenty of room for candles. Just add sprinkles!
The roasty flavor of toasted nuts pairs well with decadently sweet desserts. Be sure to toast your walnuts before adding them to the frosting."
"Melt 3 Tbsp butter in a skillet over medium heat. Once melted add pecans and cook until slightly browned and fragrant, tossing frequently, about 4 minutes. Pour and spread onto a sheet of parchment paper or a baking sheet. Set aside and allow to cool. Butter and line 3 9-inch round cake pans with parchment paper, butter parchment paper and lightly dust pans with flour shaking out excess. Set pans aside. In a mixing bowl whisk together flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt for 20 seconds, set aside. In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment whip together butter and sugar until very pale and fluffy, scraping bowl occasionally throughout entire mixing process. Mix in eggs one at a time adding in vanilla with last egg (at this point whisk together buttermilk and milk if you didn't already measure them out in the same measuring cup). Add 1/3 of the flour mixture to the butter mixture and mix on low speed just until combined, then add in1/2 of the buttermilk mixture and mix just until combined then repeat process once more. Finish by mixing in remaining 1/3 of the flour mixture and mix just until nearly combined then remove bowl from stand mixer and fold in pecans (fold batter untit there's not Ionger streaks in the batter). Divide batter evenly among prepared baking pans. Bake in preheated oven 23 - 28 minutes until toothpick inserted into center of cake comes out clean. Remove from oven and cool in cake pans 10 minutes, then run a knife around edges of cake to ensure the are loosened and invert onto wire racks to cool completely. Once cool frost with cream cheese frosting and top with pecans. Store in refrigerator in an airtight container. If fully chilled allow to rest at room temperature about20 - 30 minutes before serving. For the cream cheese frosting: In the bowl of an electric stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment whip together butter and cream cheese until smooth. Mix in vanilla and powdered sugar and blend until smooth and fluffy."
"Place pecans and, 1/4 cup butter in a baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 10-15 minutes or until toasted, stirring frequently; set aside. In a large bowl, cream sugar and remaining butter until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Stir in vanilla. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt; add to the creamed mixture alternately with milk, beating well after each addition. Stir in 1 1/3 cups of toasted pecans. Pour into three greased and floured f-in. round baking pans. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely. For frosting, cream butter and confectioners' sugar in a large bowl. Add milk and vanilla; beat until smooth. Stir in remaining toasted pecans. Spread frosting between layers and over top and sides of cake."
" Cream butter, cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolk, orange juice and almond extract. In a separate bowl, whisk flour, baking powder and salt; gradually beat into creamed mixture. Stir in 3 cups coconut. Refrigerate until easy to handle, about 30 minutes.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Shape rounded tablespoons of dough into balls; roll in remaining coconut. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Press a deep indentation in the center of each with the end of a wooden spoon handle. Bake until edges are light brown, 8-10 minutes. Cool 1 minute. Using the wooden spoon, enlarge any indentations that may have narrowed or closed. Remove cookies from pans to wire racks. Fill with preserves; cool completely."
"Generously butter the inside of 4 (5 1/2 ounce) ramekins. Place them in a casserole dish. Whisk together egg yolks, eggs and sugar in a bowl until light, foamy, and lemon colored. Melt chocolate and butter in a microwave-safe bowl in 30-second intervals, stirring after each melting, 1 to 3 minutes. Stir melted chocolate mixture into egg and sugar mixture until combined. Sift cocoa powder into the mixturel stir to combine. Sift flour and salt into the mixturel stir to combine into a batter. Stir vanilla extract into the batter. Transfer batter to a resealable plastic bag. Snip one corner of the bag with scissors to create a tip. Divide batter evenly between the prepared ramekins; tap gently on the counter to remove any air bubbles. Refrigerate 30 minutes. Arrange the ramekins in a casserole dish. Pour enough hot tap water into the casserole dish to reach halfway up the sides of the ramekins. Bake 15-18 minutes. Set aside to cool for 15 minutes. 14.Loosen the edges from the ramekin with a knife. Invert each cake onto a plate and dust with powdered sugar."
"Grease one 13 x 9 inch baking pan, Cretm l/2 cup margarine with white sugar. Beat in eggs. Stir in chocolate syrup and vanilla. Mix in flour and stir until just combined. Pour batter into prepared pan. Bake for 30 minutes or until cake tests done. Let cake cool before frosting with Mint Layer and Chocolate Glaze.

Mint Layer: Combine icing sugar1/2 cup margarine and crime de menthe syrup, blend until light. Spread over the top of cooled cake.

Chocolate Glaze: Melt the chocolate chips and margarine together. Let cool slightly then spread over top of mint layer. Chill cake for 3 hours or overnight. Cut into small blocks to serve. This cake needs to be kept refrigerated"
"Preheat oven. In a large bowl, whisk flour, sugarr 2 tabtespoons cocoa, baking powder and salt. In another bowl, whisk milk, oil and vanilla until blended. Add to flour mixture; stir just until moistened. Transfer to an ungreased 9-in.-square baking pan. In a small bowl, mix brown sugar and remaining cocoa; sprinkle over batter. Pour hot water over all; do not stir. Bake 35-40 minutes. Serve warm. If desired, top with ice cream."
"Pulse graham crackers and pecans in a food processor until finely ground.  Pour into a large bowl and add melted butter and 1/4 cup sugar. Stir to mix.  Press into a 9x13-inch pan and bake at 350 degrees for 8 minutes. Let cool.  Using an electric mixer, beat cream cheese, milk, and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Fold in 1 cup of whipped topping. (Save remaining whipped topping for the final layer.)  Spread cream cheese mixture on top of crust.  Spread blueberry pie filling on top of cream cheese layer.  Top with remaining whipped topping.  Chill before serving."
"In a bowl, combine flour, 1 cup of sugar, baking powder, milk and oil; pour into a greased shallow 3-qt. baking dish. In a bowl, combine cherries, food coloring if desired, extract and remaining sugar; spoon over batter.   Bake at 375  degrees  for 40-45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the cake portion comes out clean. Serve warm, if desired with whipped cream or ice cream."
"Preheat oven to 325F, line a 9x13 baking dish with foil lightly spray with non-stick spray, set aside
To make crusts:
In a medium bowl combine graham cracker crumbs, sugar and melted butter until all crumbs are moist.  Lightly press crumb mixture into prepared baking dish
To make cream cheese layer:
In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth, add in sour cream and sugar and beat again.  Add eggs, one at a time to cream cheese mixture, beating well after each addition.  Add vanilla extract and beat one more time.  Spoon mixture on top of prepared crust and spread evenly.  Bake for about 30-35 minutes or until just set.  Remove from the oven and cool completely on a cooling rock.  While the crust is cooling prepare the pumpkin layer
To make a pumpkin layer:
In a medium saucepan set over medium low heat, combine pumpkin puree, eggs, brown sugar and granulated sugar, milk, pumpkin spice and cinnamon.  Cook and whisk every few minutes for 10 minutes
Remove from the heat and whisk in the vanilla extract.  In a small sauce pan, sprinkle the gelatin over the water and allow 5 minutes to soften.  Turn heat to low and stir to melt gelatin completely
Remove to heat.  Add gelatin mixture to pumpkin mixture and combine until smooth.  Pour the pumpkin mixture over the cooled cream cheese layer and place in the refrigerator to chill for several hours or overnight
Cut into bars.  Serve with whipped cream if desired"
"Line the bottom of two 9x13 rectangular cake pans with parchment paper. Grease parchment and sides of pan. Using an electric mixer, beat butter with sugar in a large bowl until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at time, beating each in until just incorporated and scraping down sides of bowl. Add vanilla, then buttermilk (Don't worry if the batter looks uneven and grainy; it will all be fine in a minute.) Place flour, cocoa powder, baking soda, baking powder and salt in a sifter over the mixing bowl and sift ingredients in. Beat or stir dry ingredients into batter until just combined; scrape down bowl again. Divide batter between two pans. Bake each layer for 30 to 40 minutes, rotating them once top-to-bottom and back-to-front halfway through. Cakes are ready when a toothpick inserted into the center of each layer comes out batter-free. Cool in the pan 10 minutes, then remove cakes from pans and let cool completely on racks. I often put those racks right into the freezer, to firm up this very soft and tender cake before leveling and frosting it; it makes the process much easier.
Make fudge buttercream filling: Place all of the ingredients in a food processor and pulse to incorporate, then process until the frosting is smooth. If you don't have a food processor, you can beat the butter until light and fluffy with an electric mixture, then add the sugar and melted chocolate, followed by the milk or cream and vanilla. With an electric mixer, it helps to sift the powdered sugar first.
Fill cake: Remove first cooled cake layer from freezer. Place on cake board or serving tray. Arrange small scraps of waxed or parchment paper underneath edges, to protect the cake plate from frosting as you decorate. Level the top of the cake if it has domed by shaving off the dome with a horizontal serrated knife. Put the cake scraps in the garbage and cover them with dish soap; nothing good will come of it otherwise. Spread fudge buttercream fiIling evenly over first cake layer. Place second layer on top of filling; you can level this too slightly if it it has dome, but it's less essential to the stacking of the cake if it's the top layer. Return the cake to the freezer, while you make the frosting. Having it very cold will make it easier to cover the chocolate crumbs with your light-colored frosting in a few minutes."
"Line the bottoms of three 9" round cake pans with parchment paper (or 2 pans and line a 6 cup muffin pan with paper liners for cupcakes). Grease each pan with butter and dust with flour, tap out excess. In a large bowl sift the flour, cinnamon, ginger, baking soda, and salt together. Stir in the pecans and set aside. fn a a separate large mixing bowl beat the sugar, brown sugar, and eggs together on high speed until smooth. Add the pineapple and juice, bananas, oil, and vanilla and mix until combined. Add the pecan mixture and mix on low speed until evenly combined. Divide the batter evenly between the prepared cake pans. Bake about 50 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean from center. Transfer cakes to wire racks and let sit for 15 minutes then turn out each cake and allow to cool. In the bowl of a standing mixer fitted with a paddle, beat the butter and cream cheese together on low speed 3 minutes. Beat in vanilla. Add the confectioners' sugar a cup or two at a time mixing on low speed until all of it is incorporated. Beat on medium speed 5-6 minutes until light and fluffy. Frost cake and sprinkle with coconut flakes or chopped nuts."
"In a bowl, cream butter, shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Combine the flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk, beginning and ending with dry ingredients. Beat well after each addition. Stir in extracts. Pour into three greased and floured 9-in. round baking pans. Bake 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely. For frosting, in a bowl, cream butter until light and fluffy. Add the orange juice, lemon juice, peels and extract; beat until well blended. Gradually add confectioners' sugar, beating until frosting reaches desired spreading consistency. Spread frosting between layers and over top and sides of cake."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Coat a 8x8 baking dish with nonstick cooking spray.  Cut each apple into 4 wedges.  Separate the crescent dough into 8 triangles.  Place an apple wedge near the small end of the dough triangle, then roll up. Pinch the ends to seal. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.  In a medium microwave safe bowl, melt the butter. Add in the granulated sugar, brown sugar, and cinnamon; stir until combined and smooth. Drizzle butter mixture over the dough.
Pour the Sprite to the sides of the dumplings (not on top) so a nice crust is formed while baking.  Bake until golden brown and apples are tender when pierced with a fork, 35-40 minutes. Remove from the oven and let stand 10 minutes.  Serve for breakfast or make it a dessert with some vanilla ice cream!

 Feeling lazy and don  degrees t want to peel the apples? That  degrees s fine! They  degrees re just as good. But the skin doesn  degrees t get as tender, so a knife might be needed and not just a fork.
 7-Up, Mountain Dew, or ginger beer can be used instead of Sprite.
 Need to feed a lot more people? No problem. Just double all the ingredients and bake in a 9x13 pan."
"Line 9 x 9 x 2 inches pan with aluminum foil or plastic wrap leaving an overhang the sides for easy removal. Lightly grease with cooking spray and set aside.  To make the graham cracker crust stir graham cracker crumbs and melted butter until evenly moistened, then press the mixture firmly in the bottom of the pan and place in the fridge to firm.
Lemon Cheesecake
Filling: Pour boiling water over lemon Jell-o and stir for about 2 minutes, or until It  degrees s completely dissolved. Add iced water and stir well, then set aside to cool while making the filling. Beat softened cream cheese and sugar until smooth and creamy. Gradually add sweetened condensed milk and mix well. Then, slowly pour in lemon juice and mix until smooth. Next, pour in dissolved gelatin and mix until combined. Finally, whisk in whipped cream and spread the filling over crust. Smooth the top and gently tap the pan onto work surface to settle well. Place in the fridge for a few hours (preferably overnight) to firm completely.
Lemon Curd:
In a small sauce pan place the butter and melt over medium heat. Remove from the heat and whisk in sugar, lemon zest and lemon juice. Add eggs and whisk well. Cook over medium heat stirring constantly until it thickens and coats the back of a spoon (about 5 minutes). Transfer in a bowl and cover with plastic wrap to prevent forming the film on top. Cool to room temperature.
When the cheesecake is completely set, pull the overhang of the foil to lift the cake from the pan and transfer onto cutting board. Spread lemon curd on top. Slice and serve with whipped cream o top. Garnish with mint leaves if desired.
 Store leftovers in an air-tight container in the fridge."
"Mix together and then add 1/2 cup shortening (or butter). Mix well with hands (the old fashioned way) until all the shortening is incorporated. Make a well in the centre and add 2 cups milk and using a fork - blend the flour into the milk and stir just enough until there is no flour residue. Place dough on a floured surface and sprinkle a bit of flour on top as well. Form the dough into a ball without working it too much but try and have it into a smooth surface on top. Roll out into a sort of rectangle to about 1/4 to 1/2 inch. Using about 1/2 cup of softened butter or margarine, spread it all over the surface right to the edges. Sprinkle with about 1 1/2 cups brown sugar and spread the sugar right to the edges. Sprinkle cinnamon over the whole surface. Roll up like a jelly roll and slice each circle about 3/4 inch thick. Place on parchment lined cookie sheet (I use a stoneware bar pan). You should be able to have about 15 cinnamon rolls on the cookie sheet and each one slightly touching each other. Bake in a 425 degree oven for 15-18 minutes. (If using a metal cookie sheet - double up on the cookie sheet - as they tend to scorch easily in regular metal baking sheet. Watch carefully.  When out of the oven, let cool for about 5 minutes and add a swipe of frosting: 3 tablespoons soft butter or margarine, 2 tsp. vanilla, about 2 cups icing sugar, and a little splash of milk. Start to mix and if too dry - add a tiny bit more milk until you have the consistency of peanut butter.  Can also be used for making biscuits"
"Preheat your oven to 400 degrees and pull out a 9 by 13 baking dish .
Combine your apple slices, 1 tsp cinnamon and 2 TBSPs granulated white sugar in a large sauce pan over medium low heat. Cook the apples, stirring regularly until they are soft, about 10 minutes.
While the apples are cooking down, combine 1 cup brown sugar, 1/2 cup (one stick) unsalted butter, 1/4 cup heavy cream in a small sauce pan over medium heat. Stir consistently until the mixture begins to boil. Continue stirring for another minute or so until it is smooth, remove from the heat.  Pour the 1/2 cup melted butter into the baking dish.
In a large bowl, whisk together 1 cup sugar, 1 cup flour, 2 tsps baking powder, and 1/4 tsp salt. Whisk in 1 cup milk and 2 tsps vanilla extract. Pour the mixture over the butter and whisk in gently.  Add 1 cup of the caramel sauce to the apples and stir to combine, reserve the rest for serving). Pour the caramel apple mixture over the batter. Bake for 20 to 25 minutes or until the edges are golden brown. Serve warm with ice cream and the reserved caramel sauce."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Cut butter into flour until crumbly. Press into an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. Bake until light brown, 18-22 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.  Meanwhile, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Fold in 1 cup whipped topping. Spread over cooled crust.
Beat milk and pudding mix on low speed for 2 minutes. Carefully spread over cream cheese layer. Top with remaining whipped topping. Refrigerate at least 1 hour."
""
"In a large bowl, cream butter, cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and extracts. In another bowl, whisk flour and baking powder; gradually beat into creamed mixture. Refrigerate, covered, overnight.  Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Shape dough into forty-eight 1-in. balls, forty-eight 3/4-in. balls and forty-eight 1/2-in. balls. On ungreased baking sheets, place one ball of each size, side by side, for each snowman.  Bake 18-20 minutes or until light brown. Remove from oven; cool on pans 2 minutes. Press on chocolate chips for eyes and M&M's for buttons. Carefully remove from pans to wire racks to cool completely.  For frosting, in a small bowl, beat confectioners' sugar, extract and enough milk to reach a piping consistency. If two colors of frosting are desired, transfer half of the frosting to another bowl and tint each with a different food coloring.  Cut a small hole in a corner of a food-safe plastic bag; fill with frosting. Pipe scarves on snowmen. Use frosting to attach chocolate kisses for hats."
"Let cookie dough stand at room temperature for 5-10 minutes to soften. Press into an ungreased 13-in. x 9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 14-16 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on a wire rack.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Fold in 1-3/4 cups whipped topping. Spread over crust.
In a large bowl, whisk milk and pudding mixes for 2 minutes. Spread over cream cheese layer. Top with remaining whipped topping.  Sprinkle with nuts and chocolate curls if desired.  over and refrigerate for 8 hours or overnight until firm."
"With the rack in the middle position, preheat the oven to 180   degrees C (350   degrees F).   In a bowl, combine the dry ingredients. Add the butter and stir until the mixture is just moistened. Set aside.    In a 20-cm (8-inch) square baking dish with a 2 litres (8 cups) capacity, combine the brown sugar and cornstarch. Add the fruits and lemon juice and toss to combine. Top with the crisp mixture and bake for 55 minutes to 1 hour or until the crisp is golden brown. Serve warm or cold."
". In a large bowl, combine flour and 1/2 cup sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Knead in the cherries, 2/3 cup white chocolate and extract until dough forms a ball.  Shape into 3/4-in. balls. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Flatten slightly with a glass dipped in remaining sugar. Bake at 325  degrees  for 10-12 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.  In a microwave, melt shortening and remaining white chocolate; stir until smooth.  Dip half of each cookie into chocolate; allow excess to drip off. Place on waxed paper; sprinkle with coarse sugar and edible glitter. Let stand until set. Store in an airtight container."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a large bowl, combine crumbs, sugar and cinnamon; stir in butter. Press into an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Beat in sugar and eggs until fluffy. Pour over crust. Bake 15-20 minutes or until set. Cool on a wire rack.  In the top of a double boiler or a metal bowl over simmering water, combine pumpkin, egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, milk, cinnamon and salt. Cook and stir over low heat until a thermometer reads 160  degrees ; remove from heat. Transfer to a large bowl; wipe out double boiler. In a small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over cold water; let stand 1 minute. Heat over low heat, stirring until gelatin is completely dissolved. Stir into pumpkin mixture; cool.  In the double boiler, whisk egg whites and remaining sugar over low heat until temperature reaches 160  degrees . Remove from heat; using a mixer, beat until stiff glossy peaks form and sugar is dissolved. Fold into pumpkin mixture. Pour over cream cheese layer. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or until set.  Just before serving, in a large bowl, beat cream until it begins to thicken. Add sugar and vanilla; beat until stiff peaks form. Spread over pumpkin layer.

Test Kitchen Tips
Gelatin cannot be added directly to recipes. It first needs to hydrate or "bloom" in a small amount of liquid and then be heated. Skip this step and you risk major problems with texture.  For the lightest, airiest whipped cream, be sure to use heavy whipping cream that is icy cold and not ultra pasteurized."
"In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. In a large bowl, combine eggs, butter, sugar, salt, yeast mixture and 3 cups flour; beat on medium speed until smooth. Stir in enough remaining flour to form a very soft dough (dough will be sticky). Do not knead. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate overnight.  In a small bowl, mix brown sugar and cinnamon. Turn dough onto a floured surface; divide dough in half. Roll one portion into an 18x12-in. rectangle. Spread with 1/4 cup butter to within 1/2 in. of edges; sprinkle evenly with half of the brown sugar mixture.  Roll up jelly-roll style, starting with a long side; pinch seam to seal. Cut into 12 slices. Place in a greased 13x9-in. baking pan, cut side down. Repeat with remaining dough and filling. Cover with kitchen towels; let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour. Preheat oven to 375  degrees .  Bake 20-25 minutes or until lightly browned. In a small bowl, mix confectioners' sugar, cream and vanilla; spread over warm rolls."
"Place the rabbit in a stew pan, salt it and barely cover with water. Cook until tender. Wash potatoes and carrots thoroughly. Cook until done. When meat is tender, let cool, and remove meat from bones. Melt butter in skillet. Add meat, chopped onions and potatoes with salt and pepper. Cook for 5 minutes, stirring constantly. When well seasoned and mixed, place contents in a stew pot.
Measure the stock where the rabbit was boiled, and into each cupful stir 1 1/2 tablespoons of flour. Cut the carrots into 1 inch pieces and add them with the beans or peas and the Worcestershire sauce, and continue adding flour and water until the contents are covered. Make a thick pastry (like pie crust) to cover the contents. Place in a preheated oven at 350 degrees and bake until the crust is golden brown. Serve with tossed salad and dessert. Feeds 4 or 5 persons."
"Line an 8-in. square pan with foil; grease the foil with 1 teaspoon butter and set aside.  In a large heavy saucepan, combine sugar, corn syrup and remaining butter; bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Boil slowly for 4 minutes without stirring.  Remove from the heat; stir in milk. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until a candy thermometer reads 238  degrees  (soft-ball stage), stirring constantly. Remove from the heat; stir in vanilla.  Pour into prepared pan (do not scrape saucepan). Cool. Using foil, lift candy out of pan. Discard foil; cut candy into 1-in. squares. Wrap individually in waxed paper; twist ends."
"Cream butter and granulated sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla. In another bowl, whisk flour, salt, baking soda and cream of tartar. Gradually beat into creamed mixture. Refrigerate, covered, for 30 minutes.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to 1/4-in. thickness. Cut with floured holiday-related cookie cutters. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake 10-12 minutes. Cool on wire racks.  For frosting, beat confectioners' sugar, butter, vanilla and enough milk to reach desired consistency. If desired, add a few drops of food coloring. Cut a small hole in the tip of a pastry bag or in a corner of a food-safe plastic bag; transfer frosting to bag. Pipe decorations. Sprinkle with colored sugar.
Freeze option: Freeze undecorated cookies, layered between waxed paper, in freezer containers. To use, thaw and decorate as desired."
"In a large bowl, combine the first five ingredients; mix well. Stir in cranberries. Drop by tablespoonfuls 3 in. apart onto parchment paper-lined baking sheets; gently shape into mounds. Bake at 325  degrees  for 10-12 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Cool for 3 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely."
". Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Line bottoms of two greased 9-in. round baking pans; grease paper.  In a large bowl, beat milk, eggs, oil and vanilla until well blended. In another bowl, whisk flour, sugar, cocoa, baking powder, baking soda and salt; gradually beat into milk mixture. ransfer to prepared pans. Bake 30-35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans 10 minutes before removing to wire racks; remove paper. Cool completely. Meanwhile, for filling, drain cherries, reserving 1/2 cup juice. In a small saucepan, whisk sugar, cornstarch and reserved juice; add cherries. Cook and stir over low heat 10-12 minutes or until thickened and bubbly. Remove from heat; stir in brandy. Cool completely. In a large bowl, beat cream until it begins to thicken. Add confectioners' sugar; beat until stiff peaks form. Using a long serrated knife, cut each cake horizontally in half. Place one cake layer on a serving plate. Top with 1-1/2 cups whipped cream. Spread 3/4 cup filling to within 1 in. of edge. Repeat twice. Top with remaining cake layer. Frost top and sides of cake with remaining whipped cream, reserving some to pipe decorations, if desired. Spoon remaining filling onto top of cake. Refrigerate until serving."
"Place caramels, butter, and water in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave on high, stirring every 30 seconds, until smooth, about 3 minutes. Stir in pecans.  Drop caramel pecan mixture by spoonfuls onto parchment paper. Place in freezer for 15 to 20 minutes.  Place chocolate in a microwave-safe bowl and microwave on high, stirring every 15 seconds, until melted and smooth, 1 to 2 minutes. Dip each caramel cluster into chocolate using a fondue fork until coated; place on parchment paper to dry. Chill until firm, if necessary."
"Line an 8-in. square pan with foil; grease with butter. In a heavy saucepan, combine sugar and milk; bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Boil 3 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in peanut butter and marshmallow creme until blended. Immediately spread into prepared pan; cool slightly. Refrigerate until firm. Using foil, lift fudge out of pan. Remove foil; cut into squares. Store between layers of waxed paper in an airtight container.
 Test Kitchen Tips
Drizzle individual fudge squares with melted chocolate to add some easy holiday glam.
We tasted six popular kinds of chunky peanut butter. Here's the brand we like best."
"In a large bowl, cream butter, cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and extracts. In another bowl, whisk flour and baking powder; gradually beat into creamed mixture. Refrigerate, covered, overnight. Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Shape dough into forty-eight 1-in. balls, forty-eight 3/4-in. balls and forty-eight 1/2-in. balls. On ungreased baking sheets, place one ball of each size, side by side, for each snowman. Bake 18-20 minutes or until light brown. Remove from oven; cool on pans 2 minutes. Press on chocolate chips for eyes and M&M's for buttons. Carefully remove from pans to wire racks to cool completely.
For frosting, in a small bowl, beat confectioners' sugar, extract and enough milk to reach a piping consistency. If two colors of frosting are desired, transfer half of the frosting to another bowl and tint each with a different food coloring.
Cut a small hole in a corner of a food-safe plastic bag; fill with frosting. Pipe scarves on snowmen. Use frosting to attach chocolate kisses for hats.
Test Kitchen Tips
Replace the Hershey's Kiss hat with a fun-sized Reese's Peanut Butter Cup or OREO Cookie.
No time to pipe icing? Shoestring licorice or thinly sliced Fruit Roll-Ups also work well as a scarf."
"Preheat oven to 450  degrees . In a bowl, combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; cut in shortening until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in buttermilk; knead dough gently. Roll out to 1/2-in. thickness. Cut with a 2-1/2-in. biscuit cutter and place on a lightly greased baking sheet. Bake 10-15 minutes or until golden brown. Freeze option: Freeze cooled biscuits in resealable plastic freezer bags. To use, heat in a preheated 350  degrees  oven 15-20 minutes."
"Cream butter, cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla. Gradually beat in flour. Divide dough into four portions. Shape each into a disk; wrap in plastic. Refrigerate until firm enough to roll, about 2 hours.  Preheat oven to 375  degrees . On a floured surface, roll each portion of dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut with a floured 2-in. round cookie cutter. Place half of the circles onto ungreased baking sheets. Place 1/2 teaspoon preserves in the center of each circle; top with remaining circles and press edges lightly with a fork to seal. Cut slits in the top of each cookie. Bake until edges are light brown, 7-9 minutes. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool."
"In a large bowl, combine the soup, mayonnaise and lemon juice. Stir in the chicken, onion, peppers, 1/2 cup Monterey Jack cheese and 1/2 cup cheddar cheese. Add noodles and toss to coat.  Transfer to a greased 2-qt. baking dish. Bake, uncovered, at 350  degrees  for 30-35 minutes. Sprinkle with remaining cheeses. Bake 10 minutes longer or until cheese is melted. Freeze option: Sprinkle remaining cheeses over unbaked casserole. Cover and freeze. To use, partially thaw in refrigerator overnight. Remove from refrigerator 30 minutes before baking. Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Bake casserole as directed, increasing time as necessary to heat through and for a thermometer inserted in center to read 165  degrees .

Test Kitchen Tips
Cubed rotisserie chicken works great in this recipe, too.
Keep the leftover red and green bell pepper for another tasty recipe."
"n a small saucepan, combine the first four ingredients. Cook and stir over medium heat until marshmallows are melted, about 8 minutes. Remove from the heat; stir in vanilla. Ladle into mugs."
"In a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients except oil and butter. Stir to combine and then with your hands, form patties. Use an ice cream scoop  for easy portioning. Flatten them into   degrees   degrees  patties. (Should make about 8-10 patties)  Heat the butter and oil in a large skillet over medium-medium low heat. Add some of the patties to the hot skillet (don  degrees t crowd the pan - you want at least an inch between patties). It it seems like the patties are browning too quickly, reduce the heat. Cook 3-4 minutes per side, or until golden and crispy on both sides. Transfer to a paper towel lined plate to drain. Repeat until all patties are cooked through.  Serve with homemade tartar sauce and lemon wedges on the side."
"Preheat your oven to 350 degrees.  Grease your pie pan with butter
Mix together your flour, sugar, softened butter, and graham cracker crumbs  Press your pie crust into your greased pan, cook for 10 minutes  While crust is cooking, in a large pot on the stove, mix your sugar, water, and corn starch until it reaches a boil on medium heat
While your sugar mixture is heating, wash, de-stem, and cut your strawberries in half.  Take your pot off heat and mix in jello.  Let cool in the fridge for about 10 minutes.  Mix in your sliced strawberries
Pour your strawberry mixture into your pie crust.  Let set in the fridge for about an hour/  Top off with whipped cream"
"Combine 1 cup pecans and bourbon; let stand, covered, for 8 hours or overnight.  Cream butter and confectioners' sugar, 1/4 cup at a time, until crumbly; stir in pecan mixture. Refrigerate, covered, until firm enough to shape into 1-in. balls, about 45 minutes. Place on waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate until firm, about 1 hour.
Dip in chocolate coating; allow excess to drip off. Sprinkle with remaining pecans. Let stand until set."
"Preheat oven to 425 degrees F and butter the cavities of a 6 cavity jumbo muffin tin. In a large microwave safe bowl, melt white chocolate and butter together. It should only take 60 seconds in the microwave.
Once melted, whisk in sugar, eggs, yolks, vanilla, lemon, and lemon zest until the ingredients are fully combined. Using a spatula, gently stir in flour and salt. Don't overmix. Pour the batter into the prepared muffin tin. Bake for 15-17 minutes (mine were perfect at 15). Let cool in pan for 5 minutes. Run a knife along the sides of the cakes. Place a baking sheet on top of the muffin pan and flip them. The cakes should pop out.
Top with more powdered sugar, whipped cream, fruit, ice cream, etc and serve immediately
Notes
*I found that using butter instead of cooking spray helped prevent sticking, but you need to reeeeally butter the cavities to keep the cakes from sticking."
"In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm milk. In a large bowl, combine eggs, butter, sugar, salt, spices, yeast mixture and 3 cups flour; beat on medium speed until smooth. Stir in currants, raisins and enough remaining flour to form a soft dough (dough will be sticky). Turn onto a floured surface; knead until dough is smooth and elastic, about 6-8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease the top. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch down dough. Turn onto a lightly floured surface; divide and shape into 30 balls. Place 2 in. apart on greased baking sheets. Cover with kitchen towels; let rise in a warm place until doubled, 30-45 minutes. Preheat oven to 375  degrees . Using a sharp knife, cut a cross on top of each bun. In a small bowl, whisk egg yolk and water; brush over tops. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool slightly.  For icing, in a small bowl, mix confectioners' sugar and enough milk to reach desired consistency. Pipe a cross on top of each bun. Serve warm."
"In a small bowl, mix flour and salt; cut in lard until crumbly. Gradually add ice water, tossing with a fork until dough holds together when pressed. Shape into a disk; wrap in plastic. Refrigerate 30 minutes or overnight. Preheat oven to 400  degrees . On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to a 1/8-in.-thick circle; transfer to a 9-in. pie plate. Trim pastry to 1/2 in. beyond rim of plate; flute edge. Line unpricked pastry with a double thickness of foil. Fill with pie weights, dried beans or uncooked rice. Bake 11-13 minutes or until bottom is lightly browned. Remove foil and weights; bake 6-8 minutes longer or until light brown. Cool on a wire rack. Reduce oven setting to 350  degrees . In a microwave, melt chocolates in a large bowl; stir until smooth. Cool slightly. Whisk in milk, egg yolks and vanilla; stir in pecans. Pour into crust. Bake 16-19 minutes or until set. Cool 1 hour on a wire rack. Meanwhile, in a small heavy saucepan, combine brown sugar, cream and butter. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring to dissolve sugar. Remove from heat.
In a small bowl, whisk a small amount of hot mixture into egg yolks; return all to pan, whisking constantly. Cook 2-3 minutes or until mixture thickens and a thermometer reads 160  degrees , stirring constantly. Remove from heat. Stir in coconut and vanilla; cool 10 minutes.
Pour over filling; sprinkle with pecans. Refrigerate 4 hours or until cold.Hold the scrambled eggs, please! To achieve a silky smooth filling and topping, heat the egg yolks slowly and gently."
"In the bowl of a heavy-duty stand mixer, beat butter and ice cream until blended (mixture will appear curdled). Add flour and sugar; mix well. Divide dough into four portions; cover and refrigerate 2 hours or until easy to handle. Preheat oven to 350  degrees . On a lightly floured surface, roll one portion of dough into a 12x10  degrees in. rectangle; cut into 2-in. squares. Place a teaspoonful of filling in the center of each square. Overlap two opposite corners of dough over filling; pinch tightly to seal. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Repeat with remaining dough and filling.  Bake until bottoms are lightly browned, 11-14 minutes. Cool 1 minute before removing from pans to wire racks. Sprinkle with confectioners' sugar if desired."
"In a medium microwave-safe bowl, add the butter, condensed milk and brown sugar. Heat in the microwave for approximately 2 minutes, stirring every 30 seconds. Then heat in the microwave for 1 minute.
Give the caramel fudge a good stir, then add in the white chocolate. Stir until the chocolate has melted and mixture is smooth. Stir in sea salt. Cover mixture with plastic wrap and place in the fridge for at least 3-4 hours or until firm. Leave the caramel fudge at room temperature for 10 minutes. Meanwhile, melt the dark chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted and smooth. Scoop out tablespoons of the caramel fudge and roll into a ball using your hands. Dip each ball into the melted dark chocolate. Use a fork to scoop out the ball and place on an oven tray lined with baking paper. Repeat with remaining caramel fudge truffles. Top each truffle with crushed nuts (if using). Store truffles in the fridge."
"Finely chop the dark chocolate and place in a small bowl. Next, pour the cream into a small saucepan and place on a low heat. Once the cream becomes warm to the touch, pour it over the dark chocolate and leave for two minutes. Then slowly whisk the chocolate mixture until it forms a lovely chocolate ganache. Add half of the Nutella and continue to whisk, then add the remaining Nutella and whisk until combined and smooth. Pour the chocolate into a deep bowl and pop into the refrigerator for 2-3 hours or until set. Crush your hazelnuts until they resemble fine crumbs. Then spoon out teaspoons of the chocolate truffle mixture, roll them in your hands until smooth and roll them in the crushed hazelnuts. Store truffles in the fridge."
"Stir together all four ingredients until smooth. This recipe doesn  degrees t get any easier, folks! The batter will be soft, so you need to freeze it for at least 15 minutes. Or stick it in the fridge until you  degrees re ready to make truffles. Using a cookie scoop or table spoon (or your hands!) roll out your truffles. I got 16 with my scoop. You can make them as small or as large as you  degrees d like. Stick them back in the freezer for at least 30 minutes. Melt your chocolate chips & shortening in the microwave, stirring after every 30 seconds. I used dark chocolate chips, but you can use milk chocolate or even white chocolate. Dunk your frozen truffles in the chocolate and set them down to harden. I used two forks and had a pretty good dunk and scoop assembly line going. The chocolate will be soft so once you  degrees re done, go ahead and stick them back in the fridge to harden completely."
"To Make In The Microwave:
Add chocolate, heavy cream and butter to a microwave-safe bowl.  Heat in 30-second intervals, stirring between each interval, until the chocolate is completely melted and the mixture is smooth.  Stir in whiskey and sea salt, and whisk until smooth.  Refrigerate the mixture for 2-3 hours, or until completely chilled. Remove from the refrigerator, and use a small cookie scoop (or a mellon baller or spoon) to shape the truffles into your desired size and shape, rolling between your hands quickly to smooth out the edges into a ball if needed.  Roll each ball in a bowl of cocoa powder or sprinkles if desired.  Then transfer to a serving place or storage container, and repeat with the remaining truffles. Enjoy immediately, or refrigerate in a sealed container for up to 1 week.  (These truffles are best served chilled, so that they hold their shape better.)
To Make On The StoveTop:
Add chocolate, heavy cream and butter to a medium saucepan.  Heat over medium heat, stirring frequently, until the chocolate is completely melted and the mixture is smooth.  Stir in whiskey and sea salt, and whisk until smooth.  Refrigerate the mixture for 2-3 hours, or until completely chilled.
Remove from the refrigerator, and use a small cookie scoop (or a mellon baller or spoon) to shape the truffles into your desired size and shape, rolling between your hands quickly to smooth out the edges into a ball if needed.  Roll each ball in a bowl of cocoa powder or sprinkles if desired.  Then transfer to a serving place or storage container, and repeat with the remaining truffles.
Enjoy immediately, or refrigerate in a sealed container for up to 1 week.  (These truffles are best served chilled, so that they hold their shape better.)"
"Crush the graham crackers. Stir in the melted butter and 1/2 cup of granulated sugar. Press into 9x13 inch pan. Beat the cream cheese until smooth. Add the beaten eggs, sugar, and vanilla. Mix well. Pour the cream cheese mixture over crust and bake at 375 degrees for 20-23 minutes, or until done (top is dry to touch). Cool and top with blueberry pie filling and whipped cream or whipped topping."
"In bowl, cream together butter and sugar. Add coconut, milk, walnuts and vanilla; stir until blended. Chill until slightly firm; roll into walnut-sized balls. Insert a toothpick in each ball. Place balls on baking sheets; freeze. In double boiler over simmering water, melt chocolate chips, chocolate squares and paraffin wax. Keep warm over hot water. Using picks as handles, dip frozen balls into chocolate mixture; stick picks upright into was paper-covered Styrofoam sheet. Chill until firm. Remove picks and package candy in individual paper liners. (May also be frozen.)"
"Line a 9x13 inch pan with parchment paper or aluminium foil, then cover completely with one layer of graham crackers, breaking the grahams into smaller pieces to fill gaps. In a large bowl, combine pudding packets, Cool Whip, and milk, and pour half of mixture evenly over grahams.  Add another layer of graham crackers, top with remaining pudding mixture, and one final layer of graham crackers.
For the topping, combine all ingredients in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring frequently. Once chocolate, butter, and sugar have melted completely and all ingredients are fully incorporated, remove from heat and pour evenly over top layer of graham crackers.
Cover tightly and freeze at least 4 hours, or overnight."
"In a large bowl, combine the flour, walnuts, brown sugar and salt; cut in butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Set half aside; press remaining crumb mixture onto the bottom of a greased 13x9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 10-15 minutes or until lightly browned.
In a large bowl, beat filling ingredients until smooth; pour over crust. Sprinkle with reserved crumb mixture.  Bake at 350  degrees  for 20-25 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack for 1 hour. Store in the refrigerator."
"In a bowl, mix wafer crumbs, melted butter and sugar; press onto bottom of a 13x9-in. dish. Freeze 15 minutes. Spread chocolate chip ice cream over crust. Layer with bananas and 1-1/2 jars fudge topping (about 1-1/2 cups). Freeze, covered, at least 30 minutes. Spread strawberry or cherry ice cream over top. Freeze, covered, 6 hours or overnight. Remove from freezer 10 minutes before cutting. Warm remaining fudge topping; drizzle over top. Serve with toppings as desired.

Test Kitchen Tips
To make ice cream super spreadable, beat it with a stand mixer until smooth. A paddle attachment works best for this task.
Can't find cherry ice cream? For a semi-homemade version, add 1 cup chopped sweet cherries (fresh or frozen) to 6 cups softened vanilla ice cream."
"Preheat your oven to 350 degrees. Mix your melted butter, graham cracker crumbs, and sugar in a medium bowl. Place your mixture into a 9  degrees 13 baking pan, Press the mixture evenly and firmly. Bake until edges are golden brown, 10 to 12 minutes. Set aside to cool completely before filling.
Lemon Cheesecake  degrees
Use an electric mixer to beat together the cream cheese, sugar, lemon juice and vanilla. Use a spoon to fold in the whipped topping and mix until well combined  degrees .Spread the cheesecake mixture over the prepared crust  degrees Spoon the blueberry topping on top of the cheesecake layer, spreading out evenly. Cover and refrigerate for several hours or overnight. Slice into squares and serve  degrees You can also use other pie fillings as well  degrees strawberry, raspberry, etc  degrees "
"Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Sift together dry ingredients in a bowl. Add oil, coffee and milk; mix at medium speed 1 minute. Add eggs and vanilla; beat 2 minutes longer. (Batter will be thin.)  Pour into two greased and floured 9-in. round baking pans (or two 8-in. round baking pans and six muffin cups).  Bake until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean, 25-30 minutes. Cool 10 minutes before removing from pans. Cool on wire racks.  Meanwhile, for icing, combine milk and flour in a saucepan; cook until thick. Cover and refrigerate.  In a bowl, beat butter, shortening, sugar and vanilla until creamy. Add chilled milk mixture and beat 10 minutes. Frost cooled cake. If desired, dust with additional cocoa."
"Prepare 9 x 13 in. sheet pan with vegetable pan spray. In medium bowl, combine flour, orange zest, baking powder and salt. In large bowl, beat butter with electric mixer until light and fluffy. Add sugar ll4 cup at a time, scraping down sides of bowl as neededl when combined, beat on medium speed for 2 minutes. Add eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition; add vanilla and orange extracts. Add half of flour mixturel beat on low speed until nearly combined. Add buttermilk to moisten; add in remaining flour mixture, beating until just incorporated. Spread batter evenly in pan. Bake 25-33 minutes, or until a toothpicl inserted in center of cake comes out clean. Cool cake in pan completely before icing. When
t2
cake is completely cool, spread orange cream cheese icing opr tfe top"
" Line a 13x9-in. dish with half of the graham crackers, breaking crackers to fit as needed.  Whisk milk and pudding mixes 2 minutes; let stand until soft-set, about 2 minutes. Fold in whipped topping; spread evenly over crackers. Top with remaining crackers.  In a microwave-safe bowl, microwave chocolate and butter until melted; stir until blended. Stir in remaining ingredients. Spread over top. Refrigerate, covered, 8 hours or overnight."
"In a bowl, cream butter and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Combine flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with milk, beating until smooth after each addition. Pour batter into a greased and floured 13x9-in. pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 35-40 minutes or until cake tests done. Cool on a wire rack. When cake is cool, dust with confectioners' sugar, or frost with your favorite frosting."
"In a large bowl, combine cake ingredients; beat until smooth. Pour into a greased 15-in. x 10in. x L-in. baking pan. Bake for 35 minutes. Cool. For icing, in a small bowl, combine the cream cheese, butter, confectionerst sugar and vanilla until smooth. Spread over cake and sprinkle with nuts."
"Separate the eggs and beat the egg whites until stiff and set aside. In a large bowl, cream the margarine and sugar. Melt the chocolate in the hot water. Beat in the egg yolks, then the melted chocolate, buttermilk and vanilla. In a bowl, stir together the flour, baking soda and salt. Beat into the chocolate mixture. Stir in about 1/3 of the egg whites to lighten the batter and then fold in the rest gently but thoroughly. Turn the batter into a greased and floured tube pan. Bake for t hour or until the cake tests done with a toothpick. Let cool on a rack"
"Line a 9-in. square pan with foil; grease foil with 1-1/2 teaspoons butter.
In a large microwave-safe bowl, melt chocolate chips and remaining butter, stirring after 1 minute and every 30 seconds thereafter. Stir in milk and vanilla. Spread into prepared pan. Refrigerate until firm.
Using foil, lift fudge out of pan. Remove foil; cut fudge into 1-in. squares. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator.
To make Pie-Spice Sugar: Mix 1-1/2 teaspoons confectioners' sugar, 1/2 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice and 1/4 teaspoon baking cocoa. Dust fudge with sugar mixture just before serving."
"Preheat the oven to 400  degrees F/200  degrees C.
Here  degrees s a tip for pounding the chicken flat without making a mess: place the chicken breast halves between two sheets of plastic wrap (or in a resealable freezer bag) on a solid, level surface. Use the smooth side of a meat mallet (or a rolling pin) to pound the chicken into an even   degrees -inch thickness. Remove the plastic wrap and season the chicken with salt and ground black pepper.
Set up your breading bowls: place the flour in a shallow dish and set it aside. In a wide, shallow bowl, whisk the eggs and milk (or water) until they  degrees re well combined. On a plate (or another wide, shallow bowl), mix the breadcrumbs and   degrees  cup of grated Parmesan cheese.
One at a time, lightly dredge both sides of each chicken breast half in the flour, and shake off the excess. Dip each flour-covered chicken breast half in the beaten eggs. Flip them over to coat them completely in the egg wash and allow any excess to drip off. Transfer each chicken breast half to the breadcrumb mixture, pressing the crumbs into both sides. Repeat process for the remaining chicken, and set all of it aside.
Heat the butter and olive oil together in a large, oven safe skillet over medium heat. When the butter is melted and the oil is hot, add the breaded chicken breasts and cook for 2 to 4 minutes per side, or until they  degrees re nice and golden brown. Remove the chicken breasts from the skillet and keep them warm. Add the marinara sauce to the skillet and heat through. Carefully add the chicken breasts back to the pan with the sauce, and top each one with slices of mozzarella cheese. Place the skillet in the oven and bake the chicken Parmesan for 15 minutes, or until the cheese is bubbly. Serve on top of spaghetti."
"Preheat oven to 425  degrees F. Combine topping ingredients and set aside.
Boil noodles al dente according to package directions. Drain and rinse under cold water. Cook onion and celery in butter until tender, about 5-7 minutes. In a large bowl combine noodles, onion mixture, peas, soup, milk, cheese, tuna and parsley. Mix well. Spread into a 2qt casserole dish and top with crumb topping. Bake 18-20 minutes or until bubbly."
"In a mixer, combine the softened cream cheese with the powdered sugar. Scrape the sides of the mixing bowl and mix until fully combined (and not sticky!). Add more powdered sugar if it  degrees s a really hot day and the cream cheese is being temperamental and melting.  Separate the mixture into 4 small bowls.  Add 1 tablespoon of various powdered Jello to each bowl and mix with a spoon.  Pull off small 1/2 inch pieces of the mixture and roll them into balls.  Press the balls into a slightly flat shape (seen in the photos below) and then roll it into a bowl of sugar. Store in an airtight container and refrigerate in until ready to eat."
" In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm milk. In a large bowl, combine eggs, butter, sugar, salt, spices, yeast mixture and 3 cups flour; beat on medium speed until smooth. Stir in currants, raisins and enough remaining flour to form a soft dough (dough will be sticky). Turn onto a floured surface; knead until dough is smooth and elastic, about 6-8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease the top. Cover with plastic wrap and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour. Punch down dough. Turn onto a lightly floured surface; divide and shape into 30 balls. Place 2 in. apart on greased baking sheets. Cover with kitchen towels; let rise in a warm place until doubled, 30-45 minutes. Preheat oven to 375  degrees . Using a sharp knife, cut a cross on top of each bun. In a small bowl, whisk egg yolk and water; brush over tops. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool slightly. For icing, in a small bowl, mix confectioners' sugar and enough milk to reach desired consistency. Pipe a cross on top of each bun. Serve warm."
"Pastry Cream
Prepare this first, as it will need to chill in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours before serving. Prepare the night before making this cake if possible. Combine milk, cream, 6 Tablespoons sugar, and salt in a medium-size saucepan over medium-heat. Stir frequently until sugar dissolves and mixture comes to a simmer. Remove from heat and allow to cool for at least ten minutes. While mixture is cooling, in a separate large bowl whisk together egg yolks and remaining 3 Tablespoons of sugar. Whisk until sugar begins to dissolve (about 30 seconds).
Add cornstarch to egg/sugar mixture and whisk until mixture is slightly thickened. Slowly drizzle just a small bit (about 1/4 cup) of the cream mixture into the egg mixture while whisking constantly  degrees . Continue to whisk while drizzling in the remainder of cream mixture until cream and egg mixture are completely combined. Pour the egg/cream mixture back into saucepan and return to stovetop over medium heat. Whisk mixture constantly until it has thickened. Once thickened, remove from heat and stir in vanilla extract. Add butter, one piece at a time, whisking until melted and completely incorporated after each addition. Strain through a fine mesh strainer into a heatproof bowl. Cover with a piece of plastic wrap directly in contact with the surface of the pastry cream (to keep a skin from forming). Allow to cool at room temperature until pastry cream reaches room temperature, then transfer to the refrigerator to chill for at least 2 hours before using.
Cake
Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (175C) and prepare two 9  degrees  round cake pans by lining the bottoms with parchment paper and lightly greasing the sides. Set aside. Using an electric mixer (or stand mixer) cream together butter, oil and sugar until creamy and well-combined (about 1-2 minutes). Add eggs, one at a time, stirring after each addition, then stir in vanilla extract. In a separate, medium-sized bowl, whisk together flour, baking powder, and salt. Hand mix using a spatula (don  degrees t use a mixer here! It  degrees s too easy to over-mix and the cake will be dense and dry!), alternate adding flour then buttermilk to the butter mixture. Start and end with flour mixture and mix until just combined after each addition. The batter should be smooth and fully combined, without over-mixing. Evenly divide batter into prepared cake pans, and bake on 350  degrees F (175C) for 15 minutes or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out mostly clean with few moist crumbs (no wet batter).
Allow cakes to cool in their cake pans for 10-15 minutes before inverting onto cooling rack to cool completely before frosting.
Ganache & Assembly
Prepare ganache by combining chocolate and cream in small saucepan over low heat. Stir frequently until chocolate is completely melted and mixture is smooth. Remove from heat and stir in corn syrup, if using. Set aside and allow to cool for at least 15 minutes or until cooled. If poured right away, it will spill all over the cake. It must be cool enough that it slowly drips off a spoon. It will be gently spread over the edges of the cake. It will look much prettier this way! While ganache is cooling, set one (completely cooled) cake round on serving tray. Spread pastry cream in an even layer over the top of the cake round, spreading almost to the edge. Top with second cake round. Once ganache has cooled, pour evenly over the top of the second cake layer. Use a spoon to gently push out over the edges for a pretty drip appearance.
Allow ganache to set (move the cake to the refrigerator for 20 minutes to speed this up) then slice and serve!
Recipe Notes
Store any leftover Boston Cream Pie
in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 5 days.

  degrees Omit the corn syrup if preferred. It helps thicken the ganache and give it a fudgier smoother mouthfeel and a glossier finish.

  degrees Don  degrees t add all of the cream mixture at once or the eggs will cook"
" In a large saucepan, combine rhubarb, strawberries and lemon juice. Cover and cook over medium heat about 5 minutes. Combine sugar and cornstarch; stir into saucepan. Bring to a boil; cook and stir 2 minutes or until thickened. Remove from heat and set aside. Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar, baking powder, baking soda and salt. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Beat buttermilk, eggs and vanilla; stir into crumb mixture.
Spread half of the batter evenly into a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Carefully spread filling on top. Drop remaining batter by tablespoonfuls over filling. For topping, melt butter in a saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat; stir in flour and sugar until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle over batter. Lay foil on lower oven rack to catch any juice spillovers. Place coffee cake on middle rack; bake 40-45 minutes. Cool on a wire rack. Cut in squares."
" In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and molasses. Combine the flour, ginger, baking soda, cinnamon, cloves and salt; gradually add to the creamed mixture and mix well.
Roll into 1-1/2-in. balls, then roll in sugar. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 350  degrees  until puffy and lightly browned, 10-12 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool."
""
"Preheat oven to 425F. Line a large baking sheet or two with parchment paper or silicone mats. Prepare a large piping bag tipped with a round or star tip; I used Ateco tip #847. In a small saucepan, combine the water, butter and salt. Cook the mixture over medium heat until the butter melts and comes up to a simmer. Add the flour all at once, stirring with a spatula. The dough should come together within one minute, pulling away from the sides of the saucepan and forming a ball. Transfer the dough into a mixing bowl and cool for 7 to 10 minutes; dough should be warm to touch but not hot. Begin adding the eggs, one a time, mixing thoroughly after each addition. Once all the eggs are added, continue mixing the dough for 1 minute. Transfer the dough into the prepared pastry bag and pipe 1 to 1 1/2 inch dollops onto the prepared paper or mat; leave a little space between each one.
Bake the profiteroles at 425F for 10 minutes, then reduce oven temperature to 350F and bake for an additional 25 to 30 minutes, until golden brown. Do not open oven door during the baking process; the cool air will cause the profiteroles to collapse. Once they are baked, allow them to cool completely on the tray. Once cooled, use a serrated knife to cut them open in half.
Prepare the strawberry filling. In a mixing bowl, combine the cream cheese, sweetened condensed milk and vanilla extract. Whisk together on medium speed until smooth and creamy. Pour in the chilled heavy cream, then whisk on high speed until a thick and fluffy whipped cream forms. Add the crushed strawberries last, folding them in by hand.
Transfer the cream into a pastry bag and pipe each profiterole full of the cream, closing them together. If desired, add sliced strawberries to each one of garnish. Place the cream puffs into the refrigerator and allow them to set for a few hours, or overnight."
"Predheat oven to 350  degrees F (180  degrees C) and position a rack in the middle of the oven. Generously butter and flour two 9-inch round baking pans, tapping out any excess flour.  In a large bowl with a wooden spoon, stir together the granulated sugar, flour, cocoa, espresso powder, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Make a well in the center. Plop the eggs into the well and pour in the milk, oil, and vanilla. Using a handheld electric mixer, beat the ingredients on medium speed for 2 minutes.  Stir in the boiling water. The batter will appear alarmingly thin but fear not, that  degrees s the way it should be. Pour the batter into the prepared pans, dividing it evenly.  Bake the cakes for 30 to 35 minutes, until a toothpick or cake tester inserted in the center of each cake comes out clean. Cool the cakes in the pans on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Invert the cakes onto the wire racks, remove the pans, and let them cool completely.
Make the Hershey  degrees s chocolate frosting
In a bowl, stir together the butter, cocoa, and espresso powder. Add some of the confectioners  degrees  sugar and then add some of the milk to the butter mixture, beating with a handheld electric mixer, after each addition. Continue to add the rest of the sugar and milk, alternating them, and beat until you achieve a thick but spreadable consistency. If a thinner frosting is desired, add more milk, a little at a time, until you  degrees ve achieved your ideal texture. Stir in th e vanilla. Frost and serve the Hershey  degrees s chocolate cake.  Place a single cake layer on a platter or cake stand and spread a goodly amount of frosting on top. Place the second cake layer on the first and frost the sides and top, creating as few or as many lavish swoops and swirls with the frosting as desired. Cut the chocolate cake into gargantuan wedges and serve."
"Line a 15x10x1-in. baking pan with waxed paper; lightly coat paper with cooking spray and set aside. Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Add vanilla and cream of tartar to egg whites; beat on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in sugar, 2 tablespoons at a time, on high until stiff glossy peaks form and sugar is dissolved. Fold in flour, about 1/4 cup at a time. Gently spread batter into prepared pan. Bake 15-20 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Cool 5 minutes. Turn cake onto a kitchen towel dusted with 1 tablespoon confectioners  degrees  sugar. Gently peel off waxed paper. Roll up cake in the towel jelly-roll style, starting with a short side. Cool completely on a wire rack. In a large saucepan, combine sugar and cornstarch; stir in water until smooth. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat; cook and stir 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir a small amount of hot mixture into egg; return all to the pan, stirring constantly. Bring to a gentle boil; cook and stir 2 minutes.
Remove from heat. Gently stir in lemon juice, zest and, if desired, food coloring. Cool to room temperature without stirring. Unroll cake; spread filling to within 1/2 in. of edges. Roll up again. Place seam side down on a serving plate; sprinkle with additional confectioners' sugar."
" Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Cut butter into flour until crumbly. Press into an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. Bake until light brown, 18-22 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.  Meanwhile, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Fold in 1 cup whipped topping. Spread over cooled crust.  Beat milk and pudding mix on low speed for 2 minutes. Carefully spread over cream cheese layer. Top with remaining whipped topping. Refrigerate at least 1 hour."
"Place a rack into lower half of oven and preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Arrange bottom halves of Hawaiian rolls on a baking sheet. Place a half slice each of ham, Swiss cheese, smoked turkey, and provolone cheese onto each roll bottom. Place top halves onto each bottom to make sandwiches. Melt butter in a saucepan over low heat and stir in sugar, dried onion flakes, poppy seeds, and honey mustard until mixture is smoothly combined, creamy, and the sugar has dissolved, about 2 minutes; brush over the tops of each sandwich.
Bake sandwiches on the preheated oven's lower rack until tops are golden brown and fillings are hot, about 15 minutes."
"Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F. Grease an 8 x 4-inch loaf pan.
In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking soda, salt, and cinnamon. Stir in the brown sugar, oil, buttermilk, egg, and vanilla, combining thoroughly. Fold in the rhubarb and pecans.  Pour the batter evenly into the prepared loaf pan. Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out dry. Let cool in the pan slightly, then cool completely on a rack before slicing."
"In a food processor, pulse the Oreo cookies until they are fine crumbs. Combine the crumbs and the butter until crumbs are fully coated.
Press the mixture into a 9x13 inch baking dish. Place the dish in the refrigerator while you work on the other layers. In a medium bowl  whip the cream cheese and sugar on medium-low speed. Add the milk and mix until fully incorporated. With a spatula, fold in 1 & 1/4 cups cool whip until completely uniform. Spread this mixture evenly over your crust. In another medium bowl, combine the 3  1/4 cups milk with both of the pudding packages. Whisk constantly until the pudding thickens and creates soft peaks. Spread this layer evenly over the previous layer.  Let the dessert rest for about 5 minutes, to let the pudding fully thicken up. Spread the remaining Cool Whip over the top.
Spread the toasted coconut evenly over the top. Make sure that it is completely cooled before adding it.  Let dessert sit in the freezer for 1 hour or in the refrigerator for 4 hours before serving."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Prepare stuffing mix according to package directions, using only 1-1/2 cups water.  In large bowl, combine chicken, broccoli and soup; transfer to a greased 11x7-in. baking dish. Top with stuffing; sprinkle with cheese. Bake, covered, 20 minutes. Uncover; bake until heated through, 10-15 minutes longer.
Freeze option: Transfer individual portions of cooled casserole to freezer containers; freeze. To use, partially thaw in refrigerator overnight. Transfer to a microwave-safe dish and microwave, covered, on high until a thermometer inserted in center reads 165  degrees , stirring occasionally and adding a little broth if necessary."
"Beat pudding mix and milk in medium bowl with whisk 2 min. Let stand 5 min. Stir in Cool Whip. Arrange 9 wafers on bottom of 9-inch square pan; cover with half the pudding mixture. Repeat layers. Cover with remaining wafers. Refrigerate 3 hours. Spread with frosting just before serving."
"Stir together the desiccated coconut, condensed milk and vanilla paste until combined. Form the mixture into 8 bars and place in the fridge to set up. Melt the milk chocolate until it's completely smooth. Place the bars on a wire rack set over a baking tray and pour the chocolate over the bars in a continuous stream so that the chocolate covers each coconut bar and it dribbles down the sides. Level it with a skewer so that the chocolate is flat. Place in the fridge for 30 minutes to set up, but keep the chocolate warm. Turn the bars over and repeat the process of covering them so that every side of the bar is covered with chocolate. Using a skewer, flick the chocolate to create 3 parallel lines on each bar, moving quickly between them to create markings on top of the bars. Leave to set and then serve."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Scrub potatoes; pierce each several times with a fork. Microwave, uncovered, on high until just tender, 10-12 minutes, turning once.  When potatoes are cool enough to handle, cut each lengthwise in half. Scoop out pulp, leaving 1/4-in.-thick shells. Mash pulp with all ingredients except cheese.  Spoon into potato shells. Top with cheese. Bake until heated through, 25-30 minutes. If desired, broil 2-3 minutes until cheese is light golden brown."
"Cook macaroni according to package directions. Meanwhile, in a large nonstick skillet, cook the beef, onion and garlic over medium heat until meat is no longer pink; drain. Stir in the tomatoes, beans, tomato paste, chiles and seasonings. Drain macaroni; add to beef mixture.  Transfer to a 13x9-in. baking dish coated with cooking spray. Cover and bake at 375  degrees  until bubbly, 25-30 minutes. Uncover; sprinkle with cheese. Bake until cheese is melted, 5-8 minutes longer. If desired, top with sliced green onions."
"In large heavy saucepan, melt butter over medium-low heat; stir in cocoa until blended. Whisk a small amount of hot mixture into egg yolk; return all to the pan, whisking constantly. Cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens and a thermometer reads 160  degrees , 2-3 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir in cracker crumbs, confectioners' sugar and vanilla. Press into a greased 13x9-in. pan.  For filling, in a large bowl, combine butter and Kahlua. Stir in confectioners' sugar. Spread over crust. Refrigerate until set.  For glaze, in a microwave, melt butter and chocolate; stir until smooth. Spread over filling. Refrigerate until set. Cut into bars.
For a glaze with deeper flavor, use 1 ounce unsweetened chocolate and 2 ounces semisweet."
"Combine graham cracker crumbs, coconut, sugar and cocoa. Stir in melted butter and vanilla. Press onto bottom of a greased 9-in. square baking dish. Refrigerate 30 minutes.  For filling, beat softened butter until smooth. Add confectioners' sugar, pudding mix and milk; beat until fluffy. Spread over crust. Refrigerate until firm, 1-1/2 to 2 hours.
For topping, microwave chocolate chips and butter on high, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted and smooth. Cool. Spread over pudding layer. Refrigerate until set. Cut into bars."
"In a large bowl, mix cracker crumbs, marshmallows, coconut and cherries; stir in condensed milk and flavoring. Press into a greased 8-in. square baking pan.  For frosting, in a small saucepan, combine brown sugar, butter and milk. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly; cook and stir 3 minutes. Transfer to a small bowl; cool until lukewarm, about 15 minutes. Stir in confectioners' sugar until smooth. Spread over crumb mixture; refrigerate until set, about 1-1/2 hours.  Cut into bars. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator."
"Line a tin with parchment paper   degrees  I use a 7  degrees 10? Brownie Tin as it makes a nice depth of fudge!
Put the first lot of 250g of chopped toblerone, and the chopped chocolate into a heavy based pan, along with all of the condensed milk   degrees  melt on a low heat, stiring often so that the chocolate doesn  degrees t catch on the bottom and burn and so that all the ingredients mix together well.
Or melt the two chocolates together in the microwave/double boiler, and then add in the Condensed Milk and mix well till smooth.
Once melted, tip in the sifted icing sugar and combine well, it might take a bit of beating.  Once cooled, pour into the tin and smooth over the mixture. Sprinkle on the second lot of 150g of Toblerone Chopped (even all the little tiny bits) and press into the top of the fudge and store in the fridge for at least 5-6 hours (Or preferably overnight) to set!
Once set   degrees  remove from the tin and cut into small squares of fudge, about 1inch in size! Return to the fridge for another couple of hours to finish setting if its still a little soft.

You can use Dark Toblerone as well for the filling or topping, but I would suggest only using a White Toblerone for the topping as it would be a lot thinner than the Milk or Dark and will most likely affect the mixture.
You can use just Toblerone for the insides of the fudge as well, instead of a bit of normal chocolate, I just did it to make it cheaper!"
"Preheat the oven to 375  degrees F (190  degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. In a large bowl, whisk together the flour, baking powder, baking soda, and salt. Using your hands or a pastry cutter, incorporate the butter into the dry ingredients, leaving large chunks.
Fold in the buttermilk until a thick dough forms. Lightly flour a clean surface and dump the dough onto it. Bring the dough together until it comes together in one large piece.  Roll out with a rolling pin to about 1   degrees -2 inches (4-5 cm) thick. Using a biscuit cutter or small glass, cut out 2-3-inch (5-7 cm) rounds and place them on the prepared baking sheet. It  degrees s okay if the biscuits are touching. Bake for 18-20 minutes, or until golden brown. Brush the biscuits with melted butter.
Serve as desired."
"Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in extract. In a small bowl, combine rum and milk. In a large bowl, whisk flour, pudding mix, cornstarch, baking powder and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with rum mixture, beating well after each addition.  Transfer to a greased and floured 10-in. fluted tube pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool 10 minutes. Remove from pan briefly to prevent sticking; replace in pan. Cool on wire rack.  Meanwhile, for syrup, heat butter, water, sugar and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; add rum and extract.  Using a small skewer, poke holes in cake. Slowly pour syrup over cake until it's all absorbed. Cover; let stand overnight."
"Fry the bacon in a large oven-safe skillet over medium heat until crispy. Use a slotted spoon to transfer to a paper towel lined plate to soak up some of the oil. Set aside. In the same pan, melt the butter. Add the mushrooms, drizzle with oil and mix through, scraping up any browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Fry for 2-3 minutes to lightly brown mushrooms and release their juices (if any). Pour in the wine (or broth) and let reduce for 2 minutes, while occasionally stirring. (Preheat broiler or oven grill.) Add in the garlic and stir it through for a minute, until fragrant. Pour in the cream and herbs. Reduce heat down to low. Gently simmer until tender (about 4-5 minutes) and sauce is slightly thickened. Season with salt and pepper. Add the bacon back in and give everything a good mix to combine all of the flavours together. Top the mushrooms with the mozzarella and parmesan cheese. Broil until cheese is melted and bubbly and mushrooms are done to your liking (about 3-5 minutes). Serve warm."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a greased 13x9-in. baking dish, layer blueberries, sugar and marshmallows. Prepare cake mix batter according to package directions, adding lemon zest before mixing batter; pour over marshmallows. Bake 35-40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes before inverting onto a serving plate. Serve warm with whipped topping."
"In a large bowl, cream butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Add pumpkin; mix well. Combine the flour, cinnamon, baking soda, salt and baking powder; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in walnuts.  Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls 2 in. apart onto greased baking sheets. Bake at 350  degrees  for 8-10 minutes or until edges are lightly browned. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.  In a small bowl, beat the frosting ingredients until light and fluffy. Frost cookies. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Line two 13x9-in. baking pans with foil, letting ends extend up sides of pan.  Place flour, confectioners' sugar, cornstarch and salt in a food processor; pulse until blended. Add butter; pulse until butter is the size of peas. Divide mixture between prepared pans; press onto bottom of pans. Bake 10-12 minutes or until light brown. Cool on a wire rack.  For filling, melt butter in a large saucepan. Stir in brown sugar, corn syrup and salt; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium; cook and stir until sugar is completely dissolved, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in chocolate chips, cream and vanilla until smooth. Stir in pecans. Spread over crusts.
Bake 12-15 minutes or until filling is bubbly. Cool completely in pans on wire racks. Using foil, lift the shortbread out of pans. Gently peel off foil; cut into bars. Store in an airtight container."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees .  Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish. Spread the rhubarb evenly in the bottom of the baking dish.  Sprinkle the sugar over the rhubarb, followed by the jello and finally the cake mix. Pour the water and melted butter over the top. Do not stir.  Bake 45 minutes or until the rhubarb is tender."
"In medium saucepan, stir together sugar, flour and salt. Whisk in milk until smooth. Cook over medium heat, stirring constantly, until very thick, about 5-7 minutes. Remove from heat and pour into medium bowl; press plastic wrap over top of mixture and sides of bowl to seal completely and prevent a skin from forming. Let cool to room temperature, about 1 to 1-1/2 hours.   In medium bowl, beat butter with electric mixer at medium speed for 5 minutes until light and fluffy. Add milk mixture, 1 tablespoon at a time, to whipped butter and beat until smooth, scraping down bottom and sides of bowl often. Add vanilla and beat 3 more minutes, or until frosting reaches the consistency of whipped cream."
"This cake can bake in a large bundt pan, or in 2 regular loaf pans. If using a bundt pan, grease it very well and lightly dust with flour. If using loaf pans, lightly grease them and line with parchment paper. Preheat oven to 325 degrees F.  Chop the cherries in half and toss them together in a bowl along with the raisins and mixed peel. Set aside.
Sift together 2 cups of the flour with the baking powder and set aside.
Cream together the sugar, cream cheese, butter, vanilla and almond extracts for several minutes until light and fluffy. Scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl a couple of times during this process.  Add the eggs one at a time, beating for a minute or so between additions. Stir in the orange zest.  Gently fold the flour and baking powder into the creamed mixture until the flour is almost fully incorporated. At that point toss the cherries and other fruit in the 1/4 cup reserved flour and add them to the batter. Any flour that doesn't stick to the fruit gets added too. Fold until the flour is fully incorporated and the fruits are evenly dispersed throughout the batter.  Bake for about an hour in the loaf pans or until a wooden toothpick inserted in the center of the cake comes out clean. The bundt pan may take several minutes more, mine took 1 hr 20 minutes; the loaf pans may need a little less, depending on your oven and the type of pans you are using. Always check your cakes a few minutes ahead of time and then every five minutes thereafter to make sure they do not over bake. When fully baked, let the cakes rest in the pans for 10-15 minutes before turning out on a wire rack to cool completely.  When cooled completely, take a large wooden skewer and pierce the bottom of the cake in a couple of dozen places, pushing the sewer about half way through the cake.  I use a pointy nozzle squeeze bottle to soak the orange brandy into the cake. Add 2 ounces of brandy to the bottle and screw the nozzle on. Slowly disperse the orange brandy over the bottom of the cake, taking care that it soaks  into the holes that you  created with the skewer  Let the brandy soak in for 30-60 minutes, then turn the cake over and repeat the same process on the other side.  Wrap the cake in plastic wrap or in a sealed container and leave for a couple of days. After a couple of days, you can repeat the entire soaking procedure again. Let the cake rest after the second soaking for a couple of days if you plan on freezing this cake. If not, then baking it a couple of weeks in advance of Christmas is enough.
However you plan to store it, wrap it in several layers of plastic wrap before freezing or storing in an airtight tin or other container."
"Slice your apples in long sheets- see images (about 1/4? thick)
poke a craft stick or cake pop stick into the side
Melt your candy melts/ milk chocolate or almond bark per bag directions
Poke 4 small holes on each side of your apple slice
Poke into each hold your pretzel sticks
Spoon chocolate over your apple slices or dip them
place on a wax sheet of paper
Place onto the front side of your apple 2 each candy eyes
freeze for 1-2 minutes until set up
Enjoy"
"Place apples in a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Sprinkle with 1/4 cup brown sugar and cinnamon. In a bowl, cream butter and remaining brown sugar. Beat in eggs. Stir in flour and 1/2 cup walnuts. Spread over apples. Sprinkle with remaining walnuts.
2. Bake at 350  degrees  for 45-55 minutes or until the apples are tender. Serve warm, with ice cream if desired."
"Place egg whites in a large bowl and let them stand at room temperature for 30 minutes. Meanwhile, in a saucepan, combine the confectioners  degrees  sugar, juice and 1/4 cup cubed butter. Cook and stir the sauce over medium-low heat until the sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat and stir in rum. Plan to reserve 3/4 cup for serving.  Preheat your oven to 375  degrees , then grease and flour a 10-inch tube pan.  Over a large bowl, sift together the flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg. Then, sift the ingredients one more time to ensure there are no lumps. Set aside.  In another bowl, beat the egg whites on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/4 cup brown sugar, one tablespoon at a time, beating on high after each addition until the sugar is dissolved. Continue beating until stiff peaks form.   In another bowl, beat the egg yolks until slightly thickened.  Gradually add 1/4 cup of the remaining brown sugar and the vanilla, beating on high speed until thick. Fold a fourth of the egg whites into the batter. Alternately fold in the flour mixture and remaining whites. Fold in melted butter.  Transfer the batter to your prepared pan. Bake on the lowest oven rack for 25-30 minutes or until the top springs back when lightly touched. Immediately poke holes in the cake with a fork and slowly pour the remaining sauce over cake, allowing it to absorb into the sponge. Cool completely in the pan on a wire rack, then invert onto a serving plate. Serve with the reserved sauce and, if desired, whipped cream and glazed pecans.  If any leftovers, store properly to retain the treat  degrees s rich, moist taste. In the fridge, the cake should be stored in an airtight container that leaves enough room so the cake will not be crushed. It will stay fresh for five days. If desired, you can warm leftovers in the microwave for up to 20 seconds."
"Melt butter and chocolate chips in a pan over low heat. Let the mixture cool slightly before stirring in walnuts and marshmallows. Let cool.
Spread coconut on waxed paper. Divide the cooled dough into two even portions. Form each portion into a long roll. Coat the rolls with the coconut. Wrap the rolls in waxed paper then again in plastic wrap. Refrigerate overnight or longer. Cut into 1/2 inch slices to serve."
"n a Dutch oven or large saucepan with a heavy bottom, gently fry the salt fat pork, to render out the fat. When the pieces are crisp and golden brown, remove and reserve for garnish. Drain off all but 2 tablespoons (30 mL) of the fat. Add onions and saut  degrees  until translucent. Add potatoes and water. Bring to boiling point, reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender. Add seafood, milk or cream, and evaporated milk; simmer just below the boiling point (do not allow to boil) until seafood is cooked. Season with salt and pepper to taste, and serve hot. Sprinkle top with a few scruncheons (crisp pieces of rendered pork fat)."
" In a large bowl, beat first five ingredients until smooth.  Transfer to a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Sprinkle with cake mix and drizzle with butter. Top with walnuts.  Bake at 350  degrees  for 1 hour or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Serve with ice cream or whipped cream."
"Line a 9x13-inch rimmed baking pan with parchment paper and spray with non-stick cooking spray.  Layer the pretzels snuggly in the bottom of the pan.  Melt the peanut butter in the microwave for 30 seconds until of drizzling consistency. Drizzle peanut butter over pretzels. With a spatula, spread the peanut butter evenly to cover all of the pretzels.  Sprinkle the peanuts evenly over the peanut butter layer and place the pan in the refrigerator for 30 minutes to set.  While the peanut butter layer is setting, unwrap the caramels. Place them in a microwave-safe bowl with   degrees  cup water and melt in the microwave for 1 minute. Remove and stir. Place back in the microwave for 30 seconds. Remove and continue to stir until caramel is smooth and of drizzling consistency.
Drizzle caramel evenly over all of the peanuts. Place pan back in the refrigerator for 1 hour.  Remove from the refrigerator and immediately cut into 2x2-inch squares with a sharp knife. Spread squares out on a parchment-lined baking sheet and freeze for 15 minutes.  Melt the chocolate (1 bag at a time) in a shallow microwave-safe bowl for 1 minute. Remove and stir. Return to microwave for 30 seconds. Remove and continue to stir until all of the chocolate chips are melted.  Line another baking sheet with parchment paper. Remove the candy bars from the freezer. Using a fork, dip the candy bars one at a time into the melted chocolate until each one is completely coated in chocolate. Make sure the pretzel layer remains on bottom. Remove and let excess chocolate drip off of the candy bar and the fork before placing on the parchment-lined baking sheet. Repeat with remaining candy bars and remaining chocolate chips until all candy bars are coated. Place candy bars back in the refrigerator to set for at least 15 minutes before enjoying."
"In a large bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Gradually add flour and cornstarch, beating until well blended.
With hands lightly dusted with additional cornstarch, roll dough into 1-in. balls. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Press lightly with a floured fork. Top with nonpareils or cherry halves.  Bake at 300  degrees  for 20-22 minutes or until bottoms are lightly browned. Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks."
"Line a 15x10x1-in. baking pan with waxed paper; grease the paper and set aside.  In a mixing bowl, beat eggs on high for 5 minutes. Gradually beat in white sugar until thick and lemon-colored. Add pumpkin and lemon juice. In another bowl combine flour, cinnamon, baking powder, salt, and nutmeg; fold into the pumpkin mixture.  Grease and flour the paper.  Spread batter into pan; sprinkle with walnuts. Bake for 15 minutes or until cake springs back when lightty touched. Immediately turn out onto a linen towel dusted with confectioners' sugar. Peel off paper and roll cake up in the towel, starting with the short end. Cool. l completely on a wire rack.  In a small bowl, beat the cream cheese, butter, confectioners' sugar and vanilla until smooth. Unroll cake; spread filling evenly to within 1/2 in. of edges. Roll up again. Cover and freeze until firm. May be frozen for up to 3 months. Remove from the freezer 15 minutes before cutting. If desired, dust with confectioners  degrees  sugar."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees and line cookie sheet or baking sheet with a silicon baking mat or non-stick foil or parchment paper
Mix coconut, vanilla, condensed milk together in large mixing bowl. Add in the chocolate chips. ake a tablespoon size of the mixture (a cookie scooper works great for this) and roll it in a ball with your hands (see tips above recipe!) You want the balls really tight, so squeeze the mixture in your hands! Place each on the cookie sheet spaced apart (they will spread a bit) Bake about 15-20 minutes until golden brown (the baking time really depends on your oven, you don't want them to burn, so watch them carefully)  Cool on a wire rack.  When totally cool - melt candy chocolate in a double boiler (follow your chocolates instructions) and dip the bottom and roll the bottom sides in the chocolate. Let cool for about 15 minutes in the refrigerator"
" Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Line a 13x9-in. baking pan with parchment, letting ends extend up sides.  In a large bowl, mix flour, brown sugar and salt; stir in 1 cup melted butter. Press onto bottom of prepared pan. Bake until light brown, 12-15 minutes. Cool 10 minutes on a wire rack. Reduce oven setting to 325  degrees .  In a large bowl, whisk the first 7 filling ingredients until blended; stir in 3 cups coconut. Pour over crust; sprinkle with remaining coconut. Bake until light golden brown, 25-30 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Lifting with parchment, remove from pan. Cut into bars."
"In a large bowl, cream shortening and sugars until light and fluffy. In a large bowl, cream shortening and sugars until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Combine the flour, salt and baking soda; gradually add to the creamed mixture until blended. Fold in the chocolate chips and pecans.  Set aside a third of the dough for topping. Press remaining dough into a greased 13-in. x 9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 8 minutes.  Meanwhile, in a small bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Spoon over crust. Drop teaspoonfuls of reserved dough over filling. Bake at 350  degrees  for 35-40 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on a wire rack. Cut into bars. Cover and store in the refrigerator."
". Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Cream butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Add 3-3/4 cups flour; mix well. Turn dough onto a floured surface; knead for 5 minutes, adding enough remaining flour to form a soft dough.  Roll to 1/2-in. thickness. Cut into 3x1-in. strips. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Prick with fork. Bake until cookies are lightly browned, 20-25 minutes. Cool."
"Pulse cookies in a food processor until fine crumbs form. Add melted butter; pulse just until combined. Press onto bottom of a 13x9-in. dish. Refrigerate while preparing filling.  Beat cream cheese, sugar and milk until smooth. Fold in 1 cup whipped topping and 1/2 cup crushed candies. Spread over crust.  Whisk pudding mix and milk 2 minutes; spread over cream cheese layer. Spread with remaining whipped topping. Refrigerate, covered, 4 hours. Sprinkle with remaining candies just before serving."
"Place egg whites in a large bowl; let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes.  Preheat oven to 325  degrees . In another large bowl, beat sugar, butter and oil until well blended. Add egg yolks, one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk, beating well after each addition. Stir in coconut and extracts.  Add cream of tartar to egg whites; with clean beaters, beat on medium until stiff peaks form. Fold a fourth of the egg whites into batter, then fold in remaining whites.  Transfer to three greased and floured 9-in. round baking pans. Bake 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely.  For frosting, in a small bowl, beat cream cheese and butter until fluffy. Add confectioners  degrees  sugar and extract; beat until smooth.  Place one cake layer on a serving plate; spread with 1/2 cup frosting and sprinkle with 1/3 cup coconut. Repeat. Top with remaining cake layer. Spread remaining frosting over top and sides of cake; sprinkle with remaining coconut. Refrigerate for 2 hours before cutting. Store in the refrigerator."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Combine walnuts, sugar and cinnamon.  Place 1 sheet of phyllo dough on a 15x12-in. piece of waxed paper; brush with butter. Place a second phyllo sheet on top, brushing it with butter. (Keep remaining phyllo covered with a damp towel to prevent it from drying out.) Sprinkle with 1/4 cup walnut mixture. Using waxed paper, roll up tightly jelly-roll style, starting with a long side, removing paper as you roll. Slice roll into 4 smaller rolls; transfer rolls to a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Repeat with remaining phyllo dough and 1/4 cupfuls of walnut mixture. Bake until light brown, 14-16 minutes. Cool dish on a wire rack. Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, combine all syrup ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer 5 minutes. Cool 10 minutes. Drizzle cinnamon rolls with syrup; sprinkle with remaining walnut mixture."
"In a microwave, melt 1-1/2 cups baking chips; stir until smooth. In a small bowl, cream butter and cream cheese until smooth. Add rum and vanilla. Beat in melted chips. Refrigerate, covered, 1 hour or until set.
Shape mixture into 1-in. balls; place on a waxed paper-lined baking sheet. Refrigerate 2 hours or until firm and slightly dry to the touch.
In a microwave, melt shortening and remaining baking chips; stir until smooth. Dip balls in mixture; allow excess to drip off. Return to baking sheet; if desired, sprinkle with nutmeg.  Refrigerate 2 hours or until set. Store between layers of waxed paper in an airtight container in the refrigerator."
"Preheat oven to 300  degrees . Combine fruit and nuts. In another bowl, cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Combine flour, baking powder and salt; add to creamed mixture and mix well. Pour over fruit and nuts; stir to coat.  Transfer to a greased and floured 10-in. tube pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 2 hours. Cool 10 minutes; remove from pan to a wire rack to cool completely. Wrap tightly and store in a cool place. Bring to room temperature before serving; slice with a serrated knife."
"Melt together milk and aero bars on low heat.  Add graham crfumbs and coconut.  Remove from heat.  Mix well, roll into balls, then roll in graham crumbs."
"Drain the cherries, reserving the juice.  Dab the cherries gently with a paper towel so that they are as dry as possible.  Set them aside on paper towels to continue to dry while you prepare the sugar dough.
In a medium size bowl mix butter,cup of powdered sugar, corn syrup, 1 tablespoon of liquid from cherries and invertase. Stir until blended. Add 1/2 cup of powdered sugar, until the mixture forms a soft dough.
Refrigerate the dough for 30 minutes.  Roll the sugar dough in 1/2-inch balls.  Flatten the balls and use the flattened dough to completely cover the cherry.  Refrigerate the dough covered cherries for 20 minutes.
Meanwhile melt the chocolate according to the directions on the back of the package.  Dip balls in chocolate with a fork, shaking off excess and return to prepared sheet.  Refrigerate the covered cherries for 20 minutes.  Carefully drizzle chocolate over truffles.  Store in the refrigerator and serve cold.  These can also be frozen for longer storage."
" Set up your pan: Lay a sheet of parchment or wax paper on a baking sheet, and place your cold springform ring (without the bottom) on top.
Whip the vanilla ice cream: Whip the vanilla ice cream with a mixer for aboutZ minutes, or until fluffy but still frozen.  Create the vanilla ice cream layer: Spread the whipped ice cream up the sides of the pan, creating a thick layer of vanilla all around. Spread the rest in the bottom, and smooth out. (A little ice cream may puddle out the bottom as it melts. This is fine; we'll take care of that later.)  Add 2 cups crushed cookies: Spread a thick, even layer of cookies over the ice cream and lightly press in.   Add 2 cups fudge sauce: Warm the fudge sauce just enough to make it easily pourable, but not too hot, then pour over the cookies.  Freeze for 4 hourc: Freeze for at least 4 hours, or overnight if you have the time.   Create the chocolate ice cream layer; Whip the chocolate ice cream with a mixer until fluffy but still frozen. Spread on top of the cookie and fudge layer and smooth it so it's even with the top of the pan. Cover the top with another sheet of parchment or wax paper.   Freeze overnight: Freeze overnight or until completely solid. ', Prep the cake for unmolding: Peel away the top layer of parchment or wax paper. Place a large round plate or platter over the top of springform pan, upside-down. Gently flip the whole cake over, so that it ends up on the plate with the chocolate layer on the bottom and the vanilla layer on top. Peel away the other piece of parchment. Trim away any frozen bits of ice cream on the outside of the cake. r, I Unmold the ice cream cake: Gently loosen the springform and wiggle it until it slides smoothly off the cake. Dab the base gently to mop up any melted ice cream. Return to the freezer while you whip the cream.   Frost with whipped cream: Whip the cream with the powdered sugar and vanilla until it forms soft peaks. Use an offset spatula to spread the whipped cream all over the cake. lf desired, use a piping bag to create rosettes or other decorations.  Decorate the cake:  Add sprinkles, drizzles of Magic Shell, extra dollops of whipped cream and cherries, if desired.   Freeze until eating: At this point, the cake can be eaten, but it will melt quickly. lt's best to return it to the freezer, overnight if possible. lt will also keep quite a while; once the cake and the frosting are firmly frozen, cover loosely with plastic wrap and freeze for up to 1 month.
RECIPE NOTES
On springform rings: I realize that springforms come in various sizes and we don't usually keep both a 9-inch and a 1O-inch around. So use either; the cake will be a little shorter and broaderwith a 10-inch, and tallerwith a 9inch.
Flavor swaps: l'm not sure I need to tell you this, but the sky is the limit with flavors here. Try mint chocolate chip with a mix of Andes Mints and Oreos in the middle. Cherry cordial ice cream with chopped fresh cherries and white chocolate drizzle. Peanut butter and chocolate with crumbled Nutter Butters. Your choice.
lce cream choices: From my research, it seems that Dairy Queen uses an eggless ice cream for their cakes, so I opted for egg-free Breyers. lt whips  nicely, and it's fairly light, which I think works well here."
"In a bowl, cream butter, sugar, egg yolk, vanilla and salt until light and fluffy. Gradually add flour. Stir in cranberries and, if desired, ginger. Divide the dough in half; form each half into a 6x3x1-in. block. Cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 3 hours or up to 2 days.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Unwrap logs; cut the dough into 1/4-in.-thick slices. Place on ungreased parchment-lined baking sheets. Bake 12-15 minutes or until edges are golden. Remove to wire racks to cool."
"In a small bowl, combine cracker crumbs and sugar; stir in butter. Set aside 1/2 cup for topping. Press remaining crumb mixture onto the bottom and up the sides of a greased 9-in. springform pan or 9-in. square baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 5-7 minutes. Cool on wire rack.
In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Fold in 2 cups whipped topping. Arrange half of the banana slices in crust; top with half of the cream cheese mixture. Repeat layers.  In a small bowl, whisk milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes. Let stand for 2 minutes or until soft-set; fold in remaining whipped topping. Pour over the cream cheese layer. Sprinkle with reserved crumb mixture. Refrigerate for 1-2 hours or until set."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Cut butter into flour until crumbly. Press into an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. Bake until light brown, 18-22 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.  Meanwhile, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Fold in 1 cup whipped topping. Spread over cooled crust.
Beat milk and pudding mix on low speed for 2 minutes. Carefully spread over cream cheese layer. Top with remaining whipped topping. Refrigerate at least 1 hour."
" Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a small bowl, combine flour and brown sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Press into a well-greased 13x9-in. baking pan. Bake 15-18 minutes or until lightly browned.  Meanwhile, in a large bowl, beat cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar and vanilla until smooth. Add eggs; beat on low speed just until combined. Spread over crust.   In a small bowl, toss apples with cinnamon, nutmeg and remaining sugar; spoon over cream cheese layer. In another bowl, mix flour, brown sugar and oats; cut in butter until crumbly. Sprinkle over apple layer.  Bake 25-30 minutes or until filling is set. Drizzle with caramel topping; cool in pan on a wire rack 1 hour. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. Cut into bars."
"In a large heavy saucepan, combine the first five ingredients. Stir in milk until smooth. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat to low; cook and stir 2 minutes longer. Remove from the heat.  Stir a small amount of hot mixture into the egg yolks; return all to the pan. Bring to a gentle boil, stirring constantly; cook 2 minutes or until mixture is thickened and coats the back of a spoon. Remove from the heat.  Stir in butter and vanilla. Cool for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally. Transfer to six dessert dishes. Cover and refrigerate until chilled. Garnish with whipped cream if desired."
" In a shallow bowl, toss bread crumbs with salt. Dip scallops in crumb mixture to coat both sides, patting to help coating adhere.  In a large skillet, heat butter and oil over medium-high heat. Add scallops; cook 1-1/2 to 2 minutes on each side or until firm and opaque. Remove from pan; keep warm.  Add wine, lemon juice and garlic to same pan; bring to a boil. Stir in parsley. Drizzle over scallops; serve immediately."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Place butter in a 13x9-in. baking pan; heat pan in oven 3-5 minutes or until butter is melted. Meanwhile, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. Stir in milk and vanilla until combined.  Remove baking pan from oven; add batter. Sprinkle with pecans, brown sugar and toffee bits. Slowly pour boiling water over top (do not stir). Bake, uncovered, until golden brown, 30-35 minutes. Cool on wire rack for 30 minutes (cobbler will thicken upon cooling). Serve warm, with ice cream if desired."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a small bowl, combine flour and brown sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Press into a well-greased 13x9-in. baking pan. Bake 15-18 minutes or until lightly browned.  Meanwhile, in a large bowl, beat cream cheese, 1/2 cup sugar and vanilla until smooth. Add eggs; beat on low speed just until combined. Spread over crust.
In a small bowl, toss apples with cinnamon, nutmeg and remaining sugar; spoon over cream cheese layer. In another bowl, mix flour, brown sugar and oats; cut in butter until crumbly. Sprinkle over apple layer.  Bake 25-30 minutes or until filling is set. Drizzle with caramel topping; cool in pan on a wire rack 1 hour. Refrigerate at least 2 hours. Cut into bars."
" Place cubed cinnamon rolls in a 3-qt. slow cooker. In a small bowl, whisk the eggs, milk, sugar, butter, vanilla and nutmeg. Stir in raisins. Pour over cinnamon rolls; stir gently. Cover and cook on low until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, about 3 hours. If desired, serve with ice cream."
" Place apples in a 1-1/2-qt. slow cooker. In a small bowl, combine the brown sugar, flour, oats, pudding mix and cinnamon. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle over apples. Cover and cook on low for 2-1/2 to 3-1/2 hours or until apples are tender. Serve with ice cream if desired."
"Mix first four ingredients; reserve 1/3 cup sauce for serving.  Sprinkle pork chops with salt and pepper. Place on an oiled grill rack over medium heat. Grill, covered, until a thermometer reads 145  degrees , 4-6 minutes per side, brushing frequently with remaining sauce after turning. Let stand 5 minutes before serving. Serve with reserved sauce."
"In a small bowl add first three ingredi and cover with a twoel.  Let yeast rise for 15 minutes.  In  a large bowl add next five ingredients.
Add yeast mixture and mix ingredients well.  Knead dough for 15 - minutes.  Grease top of large bowl and put dough in bowl ,let rise
for 1 - 1/2 hours...cover with a towel.  Set in warm place to rise.  Then bake your bread in a 350% oven for 35 to 45 minutes.  Take bread out of the oven.  Butter tops of your bread with butter.  Recipe makes 4 to 5 Loaves of Bread.  You can double this recipe to get more bread.."
"Mix all ingredients until it forms a dough.  Roll dough out on a floured board.  Cut dough into squares.  Place biscuits on a cookie sheet with parchment paper .  Spread top of biscuits with butter.  Bake in 425% oven for 15 minutes.  Serve with Jam"
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a small bowl, mix flour, oats and brown sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Reserve 1 cup mixture for topping. Press remaining mixture onto bottom of a greased 9-in. square baking pan.  For filling, beat cream cheese, sugar, salt and spices until smooth. Add egg and vanilla; beat on low speed just until combined. Fold in rhubarb. Spread over crust. Sprinkle with topping.  Bake until golden brown and filling is set, about 40 minutes. Cool on a wire rack 1 hour. Refrigerate, covered, until cold, about 2 hours. Cut into squares."
"Preheat oven to 400  degrees . In a large skillet, cook sausage, onion and garlic over medium heat 6-8 minutes or until sausage is no longer pink and onion is tender, breaking up sausage into crumbles; drain. Add cream cheese and Parmesan cheese; cook and stir until melted. Stir in bread crumbs, basil and parsley.  Meanwhile, place mushroom caps in a greased 15x10x1-in. baking pan, stem side up. Brush with butter. Spoon sausage mixture into mushroom caps. Bake, uncovered, 12-15 minutes or until mushrooms are tender."
" In a large bowl, beat peanut butter, butter and vanilla until blended. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar and cracker crumbs. Shape mixture into 16 eggs; place on waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate 30 minutes or until firm.  In a microwave, melt chocolate chips and shortening; stir until smooth. Dip eggs in chocolate mixture; allow excess to drip off.   Return eggs to baking sheets. Refrigerate 30 minutes.  If desired, decorate eggs with icing and sprinkles. Let stand until set. Store in airtight containers in refrigerator."
"In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until smooth; fold in whipped topping and cake cubes. Spread evenly into an ungreased 13x9-in. dish; top with pie filling. Refrigerate, covered, at least 2 hours before serving."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Prepare and bake cake mix according to package directions, using a 13x9-in. baking pan. Cool on a wire rack.  Meanwhile, in a large bowl, whisk milks, 1/2 cup cream and rum. With a wooden skewer, poke holes in cake about 1/2 in. apart. Slowly pour milk mixture over cake, allowing mixture to absorb into cake. Let stand 30 minutes. Refrigerate, covered, 8 hours or overnight.  In a small bowl, beat remaining cream until it begins to thicken. Add confectioners' sugar; beat until stiff peaks form. Spread over top of cake. Sprinkle with coconut and pecans. If desired, drizzle servings with chocolate syrup."
"ln a bowl place butter and brown sugar, mix well. Mix in pumpkin, milk, clove, ginger and nutmeg. Beat the eggs and place it in the mixture with flour, baking soda and salt. Mix everything well together and put in a greased and flour gunell pan and bake at 350 for an hour or till done. Makes a good cake and very good with whippedd cream on top."
"Preheat oven to 375  degrees .  ln small bowl, siftf lour with 1/2 cup of sugar.  In a large bowl beat egg whites until foamy.  Beat in lemon juice, vanilla and salt until soft peaks form.   Beat in renmaining sugar, one tablespoon at a time, until stiff glossy peaks form.  Sift flour mixture over top and fold in using a spatula.Scap into a 10 inch tube pan.  Run spatula through batter to remove any large air bubbles.  Bake 35-45 minutes.  Invert pan on wire rack until completely cooled.  Remove from pan.  Meanwhile whip cream and whip itinto stiff peaaks.  Refigerate.  Preparemon pie filling as instructed on package.  Slice cake in half horisontally.  Remove the top half of the cake and spoon the filling over the top of the bottom half.  Replace the top half of the cake.  Finish with whipped cream and strawberries."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.   In a large mixing bowl, beat 2 cups sugar, oil, eggs, orange juice and vanilla until well blended.   Combine the flour, baking powder and salt; gradually beat into sugar mixture until blended. Stir in apples.  Spread half of the batter into a greased 13 x 9 inch baking dish.  Combine cinnamon and remaining sugar; sprinkle over batter. Carefully spread remaining batter over the top.
 Bake for 40-50 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool on a wire rack. Garnish with whipped cream and additional cinnamon if desired."
" Line a 13x9-in. pan with foil; butter the foil with 1 tablespoon butter. Sprinkle with pecans and chocolate chips; set aside.  In a heavy saucepan, melt remaining butter over medium heat. Add the brown sugar, corn syrup and water. Cook and stir until mixture comes to a boil. Stir in milk. Cook, stirring constantly, until a candy thermometer reads 248  degrees  (firm-ball stage).   Remove from heat and add vanilla. Pour into prepared pan (do not scrape saucepan). Cool completely before cutting.
Editor's Note: We recommend that you test your candy thermometer before each use by bringing water to a boil; the thermometer should read 212  degrees . Adjust your recipe temperature up or down based on your test."
"1.Combine all ingredients except gelatin in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir with a whisk.  Gradually whisk gelatin into the mixture, stirring constantly. (Avoid dumping gelatin into pan all at once, which will cause big globs of gelatin to remain in finished product.)  Continue heating over medium-low heat until all ingredients are well combined and gelatin is completely melted. (The mixture will change from a grainy, jelly-like consistency to a more glassy, smooth consistency when gelatin is all melted.)  Place gummy bear mold on a cookie sheet (which makes it easier to move without spilling once filled). Pour mixture into silicone mold and place in freezer for about 20-30 minutes.  Pop gummy bears out of mold and store in an airtight container. They will keep in the refrigerator for a few weeks."
"Combine all ingredients except gelatin in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir with a whisk.   Gradually whisk gelatin into the mixture, stirring constantly. (Avoid dumping gelatin into pan all at once, which will cause big globs of gelatin to remain in finished product.)  Continue heating over medium-low heat until all ingredients are well combined and gelatin is completely melted. (The mixture will change from a grainy, jelly-like consistency to a more glassy, smooth consistency when gelatin is all melted.)  Place gummy bear mold on a cookie sheet (which makes it easier to move without spilling once filled). Pour mixture into silicone mold and place in freezer for about 20-30 minutes.  Pop gummy bears out of mold and store in an airtight container. They will keep in the refrigerator for a few weeks."
"Combine all ingredients except gelatin in a small saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir with a whisk.   Gradually whisk gelatin into the mixture, stirring constantly. (Avoid dumping gelatin into pan all at once, which will cause big globs of gelatin to remain in finished product.)  Continue heating over medium-low heat until all ingredients are well combined and gelatin is completely melted. (The mixture will change from a grainy, jelly-like consistency to a more glassy, smooth consistency when gelatin is all melted.)  Place gummy bear mold on a cookie sheet (which makes it easier to move without spilling once filled). Pour mixture into silicone mold and place in freezer for about 20-30 minutes.  Pop gummy bears out of mold and store in an airtight container. They will keep in the refrigerator for a few weeks."
"1.Combine Jell-O, unflavored gelatin and citric acid in a medium microwave-safe bowl and stir to combine.   Add the corn syrup and water, and stir gently with a soup spoon until all of the ingredients are blended together. Stirring too fast may add air bubbles to the mixture, so keep it slow and sweeping. Let the mixture sit for 5 minutes so that the gelatin can bloom.  Stir the candy syrup gently again, then microwave it on high for 30 seconds. Stir it again, then zap it for another 15 seconds. Repeat heating it for 15 seconds 3 more times for a total heating time of 1 1/2 minutes. If air bubbles begin to form on the surface of the gelatin, stop heating and stir gently. You don't want any bubbles in the syrup if you can help it. Let the mixture sit for 10 minutes. Give the solution a gentle stir every couple of minutes and you should see it become clearer over time. Spray the bear molds lightly with oil spray.  Pour the candy syrup into a measuring cup with a spout, then carefully pour the liquid into the bear molds. Don't fill each bear all of the way to the top. Leave a little room in each mold.  Let the candy sit for 30 minutes, then put the molds into your refrigerator for another 30 minutes.  When the candy is firm push each piece out of the molds and arrange them on a baking sheet or in a large storage container so that they are each standing upright. Let them sit this way for 48 hours, then lay them on their backs for 24 hours. This process will help the bears dehydrate so that they are chewy like the originals. Depending on your climate, your gummy bears may have shrunken enough after 72 hours. If not, leave them out for another day or two, until they are chewy. Toss them around every so often as they dry out. When they are chewy enough for you, seal them up in an air-tight covered container or zip-top bag. Keep them stored in a sealed container and they should last for a couple weeks.

If your gummies begin to stick together, toss them with a pinch of cornstarch. Real gummies have traces of cornstarch on them from the manufacturing process. The molds they are shaped in are made out of pressed cornstarch in a machine called a "mogul.""
". Line an 8-inch square pan with foil and butter the foil; set aside. Combine sugar, corn syrup and butter in a 3-quart saucepan. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Boil slowly for 4 minutes without stirring. Remove from the heat and stir in milk. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook until candy thermometer reads 238  degrees  (soft-ball stage), stirring constantly. Remove from heat and stir in vanilla. Pour into prepared pan. Cool. Remove from pan and cut into 1-in. squares. Wrap individually in waxed paper; twist ends."
"Prepare candy molds by spraying with nonstick cooking spray.  Combine unflavored gelatin, flavored gelatin, and cold water in a small saucepan. Stir until well mixed.  Place saucepan on the stove over medium heat. Continue stirring while mixture heats up and becomes liquefied.   Once the mixture is fully liquid, remove from heat and pour into prepared molds.  Allow to cool slightly, then place in freezer for 10 minutes to solidify.  Once solid, remove carefully from molds and enjoy!
To alter the flavor (and color) of each batch, select different flavors of the sugar-free gelatin. Another option is to mix two packages of complementary flavors and see how the results turn out. If you choose to mix flavors, just be sure to use a half package of each flavor. If you choose to use a full package of each flavor, you'll need to double the rest of the recipe and will end up with double the gummies."
"Line 8 x 8 inch dish with parchment paper, leaving the paper overhang the sides so you can easily lift it later.  Stir together peanut butter, melted butter, brown sugar, vanilla and a dash of salt, just to combine.
3.Gradually mix in powdered sugar.  Press the mixture into prepared dish. Smooth the top with spatula or simply press it with your palms to flatten into about   degrees  inch thick layer.  Place it in the freezer until firm enough for cutting.  Line a tray with parchment paper, set aside. Using egg shaped cookie cutter cut out the eggs and place them on the tray. Place them in the freezer for 45-60 minutes.  Melt the chocolate and line another tray with parchment paper.  Using a fork, dip each egg into melted chocolate to cover completely. Gently tap the fork to drip of the excess of chocolate. Place chocolate covered eggs on the parchment paper lined tray. Refrigerate until chocolate has set.  .Store in the fridge or freeze for longer storage."
"Pre heat oven to 375 F (190 C).  Steam the broccoli florets until just under tender and place them in the bottom of a greased casserole dish.
Heat  the olive oil and butter  in a heavy bottomed skillet over medium high heat,  then add the chicken, sprinkle generously with salt, pepper and garlic powder, then cook until done - stir frequently and scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of the skillet.  Using a strainer, remove the cooked chicken from the pan and arrange it in the dish with the broccoli.  Leave the liquid in the pan and lower the heat a little, add the diced onion, sprinkle it  with salt and pepper, and cook for about 3 minutes, or until beginning to brown.  Add the garlic and continue cooking for about 2 more minutes.  Increase the heat to medium high, add the mushrooms and cook until they have released most of their liquid, about 5 - 6 minutes.  Increase heat to high, then pour in the wine, and boil until the liquid reduces by about half, about 3 minutes.
Using a fork, whisk the flour, cream cheese, sour cream and stock together until blended, then stir into the sauce and simmer until it begins to thicken, about 3 - 5 minutes.  Pour the sauce over the chicken and broccoli, and bake in the oven about 25 - 30 minutes. Sprinkle the croutons bits over the top about 10 minutes before the casserole is done."
"Prepare cheesecake pan or 12 paper baking cups. Put graham crackers in the food processor until they are crumbed finely. Add melted butter and stir well. Spread evenly in the paper baking pans and press with a solid object, like a glass to make solid layer. Set aside. Melt chocolate in microwave(30 second intervals until smooth). Add heavy cream and mix well. Set aside.  In a medium sized dish mix cream cheese and powdered sugar with an electric hand mixer, at a minimum speed, for about a minute. Add vanilla extract and melted chocolate and mix until well combined. Spread evenly over the graham cracker layer, with a spoon. Leave it in the fridge to cool.  In a medium sized dish mix cream cheese and powdered sugar with an electric mixer at a minimum speed, add vanilla extract, peanut butter and heavy cream.
Mix until you get fine, smooth mixture. Take the cheesecake out of the fridge and spread evenly over chocolate cheesecake filling.  Put it in the fridge.  Melt chocolate in microwave(30 second intervals until smooth). Add heavy cream and oil and stir well.  Take the cheesecake out of the fridge. Pour chocolate topping over the cheesecake with a spoon. Sprinkle with chopped peanuts and chocolate chips."
"Preheat oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit. Line an 8-inch square baking pan with parchment paper -- you want it hanging off the sides.  In a bowl, add crushed graham crackers, pecans and melted butter. Mix together. Press firmly into the bottom of the baking pan in an even layer to make the crust. Set aside.  In another large bowl, beat cream cheese until fluffy. Add sugar, cornstarch, salt, eggs and vanilla extract. Continue beating at a low speed until everything is blended together. Pour filing over the crust, making sure it's also in an even layer.  Bake cheesecake for 20 to 30 minutes, or just until it's set. Remove from oven and allow to come to room temperature, about 20 minutes. Once it reaches room temperature, freeze for at least 2 hours, or until cheesecake is firm.   After two hours, remove cheesecake from baking pan and cut into 1 inch squares.  Melt chocolate chips in the microwave on 30 second intervals, stirring each time, until chocolate is melted and smooth.  Dip cheesecake bites into melted chocolate. Freeze bites again, just until chocolate hardens.  Serve and enjoy!"
"In a small bowl, combine the cracker crumbs, sugar and cinnamon; stir in butter. Press onto the bottom and 2 in. up the sides of a greased 9-in. springform pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 5 minutes. Cool on a wire rack. Reduce heat to 325  degrees .  In a large bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar and vanilla until smooth. Add egg yolks; beat on low just until combined.  In a small bowl, beat egg whites until soft peaks form; fold into cream cheese mixture. Pour over crust.  Bake for 1 hour or until center is almost set. Cool on a wire rack for 10 minutes. Carefully run a knife around edge of pan to loosen; cool 1 hour longer. Refrigerate until completely cooled.  Combine the sour cream, sugar and vanilla; fold in whipped cream. Spread over cheesecake. Refrigerate overnight. Remove sides of pan."
"In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt. In another bowl, combine the eggs, sour cream, butter, lemon zest and juice. Stir into dry ingredients just until moistened. Fill greased or paper-lined muffin cups three-fourths full.  In a small bowl, combine flour and sugar; cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Sprinkle over batter.   Bake at 350  degrees  for 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean. Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks. In a small bowl, whisk glaze ingredients; drizzle over warm muffins. Serve warm."
"Whisk together cream cheese, 3 tablespoons Chambord and raspberry jam until very smooth. In another bowl, beat cream until soft peaks form. Gently fold whipped cream into cream cheese mixture until combined. Spoon into small glasses; refrigerate. Just before serving, drizzle remaining Chambord over cream mixture. Serve with fresh fruit."
" In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in water. Add the milk, 1/4 cup shortening, sugar, 2 eggs, salt, mace, extracts and 2 cups of flour; beat until smooth. Add enough remaining flour to form a soft dough.   Turn onto a floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, 6-8 minutes. Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour.   Punch dough down. On a large floured surface, roll dough out to a 24x16-in. rectangle. Dot half of the dough with 1/4 cup shortening; fold dough lengthwise. Fold the dough 3 times lengthwise, then 2 times widthwise, each time dotting with some of the remaining shortening. Place dough in a greased bowl; cover and let rise 20 minutes.  On a floured surface, roll dough into a 16x15-in. rectangle. Cut into 8x3/4-in. strips; coil into spiral shapes, tucking ends underneath. Place in 2 greased 15x10x1-in. baking pans. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour.  Beat remaining egg. Make a depression in the center of each roll; brush with egg. Fill with 1 tablespoon pie filling. Bake at 375  degrees  for 15-18 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on a wire rack. Combine the first 3 glaze ingredients; drizzle over rolls. Sprinkle with almonds."
" In a small bowl, combine the flour, pecans, butter and sugar. Press into a greased 13-in. x 9-in. baking dish. Bake at 350  degrees  for 18-20 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on a wire rack.  In a large saucepan, combine brown sugar and cornstarch. Stir in rhubarb until combined. Bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring often. Reduce heat; cook and stir for 4-5 minutes or until thickened. Remove from the heat; cool. Stir in strawberries.  In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Fold in 1 cup whipped cream. Spread over crust; top with rhubarb mixture. Spread with remaining whipped cream. Refrigerate for 3-4 hours before serving. Garnish with additional brown sugar if desired."
"In a medium saucepan combine the water, apricots, 1/4 cup sugar and raisins and simmer slowly for 30 minutes. Set aside to cool completely to room temperature.  Cream the butter, cream cheese, vanilla extract and 1 cup of sugar until light and fluffy.  Beat in the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Sift together the flour and baking powder.  Fold half of the dry ingredients into the creamed mixture.  Fold in the cooled boiled apricot mixture.  Fold in the remaining dry ingredients. Fold in the cherries and dried fruit.   Bake in a greased and floured tube pan or 2 greased and parchment lined small loaf pans at 325 degrees F for about an hour or until toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.  A tube pan will probably take over an hour depending on size. My small aluminum loaf pans took about 55 minutes. The toothpick test is the most reliable way to test if the cake is baked.  Cool in the pan/s for a 10 minutes before turning out onto a wire rack to cool completely.  Store in a cake tin or other airtight container. Freezes well too.
Notes: The prep time here includes cooling time for the boiled raisin base.
I recommend using light raisins in this recipe if you want to keep the golden color of the cake crumb. Using darker raisins can affect the color but not the flavour of the cake."
"Cream the butter, Bailey  degrees s and cream cheese together until light and fluffy  Mix in the graham cracker crumbs  Add the powdered sugar, 1 cup at a time, until completely mixed in.  Cover and chill in the fridge for at least 2 hours (overnight is better)  Scoop batter into balls  Place on parchment paper.  Place balls into freezer for 10-15 minutes. While the batter is freezing, melt the chocolate in the microwave in 30 second increments until completely melted.  Dip balls into chocolate, covering completely.  Place back on parchment paper and let cool until chocolate has hardened.  Use a spoon to drizzle remaining melted chocolate over the truffles.  Store covered in fridge for up to 5 days."
"In a large bowl, beat the sugar, peanut butter and butter until smooth. Shape into 1-in. balls; set aside.  Microwave chocolate chips and shortening on high until melted; stir until smooth. Dip balls in chocolate, allowing excess to drip off. Place on a wire rack over waxed paper; refrigerate for 15 minutes or until firm. Cover and store in the refrigerator. Yield: about 5-1/2 dozen."
"Stir together 1 cup (250 mL) sugar, the butter, milk, vanilla, peppermint extract and egg in large bowl. Stir in flour, baking powder and salt. Divide dough in half. Stir food colour into 1 half. Cover and refrigerate at least 4 hours.   Heat oven to 375  degrees F (190  degrees C).  Stir together peppermint candy and 2 tablespoons (30 mL) sugar; set aside.  For each candy cane, shape 1 rounded teaspoon dough from each half into 4-inch (10 cm) rope by rolling back and forth on floured surface. Place 1 red and white rope side by side; press together lightly and twist. Place on ungreased cookie sheet; curve top of cookie down to form handle of cane.  Bake 9 to 12 minutes or until set and very light brown. Immediately sprinkle candy mixture over cookies. Remove from cookie sheet to wire rack. Cool completely, about 30 minutes"
"In a large bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in milk and vanilla. Combine flour and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour or until easy to handle.  On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough to 1/4-in. thickness. Cut into 2-in. x 1-in. strips. Place 1 in. apart on greased baking sheets.  Bake at 325  degrees  for 12-14 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove to wire racks to cool.  For filling, combine caramels and milk in a large saucepan. Cook and stir over medium-low heat until caramels are melted and smooth. Remove from the heat; stir in the butter, sugar and pecans. Cool for 5 minutes. Spread 1 teaspoon over each cookie.
For icing, in a microwave-safe bowl, melt chips and milk; stir until smooth. Stir in the butter, sugar and vanilla until smooth. Cool for 5 minutes.  Spread 1 teaspoon icing on each cookie; top each with a pecan half. Let stand until set. Store in an airtight container. Yield: about 4 dozen."
"In a small bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add vanilla. Combine flour and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in almonds.  Roll 1 teaspoon of dough around each cherry. Place on greased baking sheets. Bake at 325  degrees  for 15-20 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove to wire racks to cool slightly; roll in sugar."
"Combine butter, almond and confectioners sugar with milk .  Turn out on lightly floured surface and knead into a ball.   Make one inch balls and flatten into a two inch circle.  Wrap each cherry in paste and refirerate for about four hours.  Melt chocolate and coat cherries."
"Blend butter and cream cheese.   Add sugar, egg and extracts.  Mix in remaining dry ingredients and blend into the creamed mixture. Chill for 1 hour.  Roll out dough on floured surface until 1/4 inches thick (a must!) . Cut with desired cookie cutter shape and bake at 375 for 8-10 minutes.  Let cookies cool.  Mix all your frosting ingredients and add some food coloring if desired. Frost cookies when cool.

Recipe Notes
The key to making a good sugar cookie is to make sure that you cut the cookies thick enough and then don't over cook them!"
"Combine pecans, butter and creme de menthe. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar. Refrigerate, covered, until easy to handle, about 1 hour.  With hands lightly dusted with confectioners' sugar, shape mixture into 1-in. balls. Place on waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Chill until firm, about 30 minutes.  In a microwave-safe bowl, melt chocolate chips and shortening; stir until smooth. Dip balls in chocolate mixture; let excess drip off. Return to waxed paper; refrigerate until set. Store leftovers in an airtight container in the refrigerator."
"In a bowl, cream butter and sugars. Add milk, egg and orange juice; mix well. Combine the flour, baking powder, salt and baking soda; add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in cranberries and nuts.   Drop by tablespoonfuls 2 in. apart onto greased baking sheets. Bake at 350  degrees  for 12-15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on wire racks.   For frosting, heat the butter in a saucepan over low heat until golden brown, about 5 minutes. Cool for 2 minutes; transfer to a small bowl. Add sugar and vanilla. Beat in water, 1 tablespoon at a time, until frosting reaches desired consistency. Frost the cookies."
"Preheat oven to 275  degrees . Line bottoms of four greased 9x5-in. loaf pans with parchment paper; grease paper.  In a small bowl, toss candied fruit, raisins and walnuts with 1/2 cup flour. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually beat in remaining flour. Fold in fruit mixture.  Transfer to prepared pans. Bake 50-60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pans 10 minutes before removing to wire racks to cool.
Editor's Note: To toast nuts, bake in a shallow pan in a 350  degrees  oven for 5-10 minutes or cook in a skillet over low heat until lightly browned, stirring occasionally."
"Using a heavy-duty mixer, beat eggs on high speed until light and foamy, about 5 minutes; set aside. In a large bowl, combine the flour, confectioners' sugar and baking powder; on low speed, gradually beat in shortening and extracts until mixture resembles fine crumbs. Gradually add beaten eggs (dough will be stiff).  Roll dough into 1-in. balls. Place  2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 350  degrees  for 12-14 minutes (tops of the cookies will not brown, but bottoms should brown slightly).  Meanwhile, in a small bowl, combine the confectioners' sugar, milk and extracts until smooth. As soon as cookies are removed from the oven, quickly dip two or three at a time into glaze. Remove with a slotted spoon or tongs; place on wire racks to drain. Immediately top with sprinkles. Let dry for 24 hours before storing in airtight containers."
"In bowl, cream together butter and sugar. Add coconut, milk, walnuts and vanilla; stir until blended. Chill until slightly firm; roll into walnut-sized balls. Insert a toothpick in each ball. Place balls on baking sheets; freeze. In double boiler over simmering water, melt chocolate chips, chocolate squares and paraffin wax. Keep warm over hot water. Using picks as handles, dip frozen balls into chocolate mixture. Chill until firm. Package candy in individual paper liners. (May also be frozen.)"
"In a large bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Combine flour and cornstarch; gradually add to creamed mixture.  Pat into an ungreased 15x10x1-in. baking pan. Pierce several times with a fork. Bake at 325  degrees  for 40-45 minutes or until lightly browned. Cut while warm."
"In a large bowl, cream together butter and 1 1/2 cups sugar until light and fluffy.   Beat eggs int the butter and sugar one at a time, then stir in the vanilla and almond extract.  Gradually add dry ingredients mixing slowly until fully absorbed. Cover dough, and chill for 2 hours.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F. Line cookie sheets with parchment paper.  Roll dough between two sheets of parchment paper to 1/4 inch thickness. Cut out shapes using cookie cutters.and place on prepared cookie sheets.  Pour a tablespoon of evaporated milk into a small container and add a few drops of food coloring, stir to combine. Repeat for each color you wish to use.  Use a paint brush to paint the cookies.  Sprinkle lightly with white sugar.  Bake 6 to 8 minutes in the preheated oven, or until edges are lightly brown. Remove from cookie sheets and cool on wire racks."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy; beat in extracts and eggs, one at a time. In another bowl, whisk together flour, cream of tartar, baking soda, salt and nutmeg; gradually beat into creamed mixture.  Drop dough by rounded tablespoonfuls 3 in. apart onto parchment paper-lined baking sheets; flatten slightly with bottom of a glass dipped in sugar. Bake until edges begin to brown, 8-10 minutes. Remove from pan to wire racks; cool completely.  For frosting, beat butter, confectioners' sugar, extract and enough water to reach desired consistency. If desired, tint with food coloring. Spread over cookies."
"In a mixing bowl, cream butter and sugar. Beat in vanilla. Add flour, beating on low speed just until combined. Stir in pecans. Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.   Shape 1/2 cupfuls into 1/2-in.-thick logs. Cut logs into 2-in. pieces. Place 2 in. apart on greased baking sheets. Bake at 350  degrees  for 15-18 minutes or until lightly browned. Roll warm cookies in confectioners' sugar; cool on wire racks."
"In a large bowl, cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy. Gradually add flour and cornstarch, beating until well blended.
With hands lightly dusted with additional cornstarch, roll dough into 1-in. balls. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Press lightly with a floured fork. Top with nonpareils or cherry halves.  Bake at 300  degrees  for 20-22 minutes or until bottoms are lightly browned. Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks.

Test Kitchen Tips
To bump up the flavor, use salted butter and try adding a teaspoon of extract. We like vanilla and almond.
These delicious, buttery cookies are just asking for elegant add-ins such as lavender flowers or lemon zest and thyme"
"In a bowl, combine all ingredients except confectioners  degrees  sugar; mix well.   Form mixture into 4 equal-size logs.  Place confectioners  degrees  sugar in a shallow dish and roll logs in sugar, coating completely.  Wrap each log in plastic wrap and chill for at least 4 hours, or until firm.  Slice just before serving."
" Preheat oven to 375 degrees F.  In a large bowl, beat flour, butter, oats, granulated sugar, and vanilla until a dough forms. Stir in nuts; mix well then roll into 1-inch balls and place 1 inch apart on ungreased baking sheets.  Bake 12 to 15 minutes, or until bottoms are light golden.
Transfer to wire racks and allow to cool 10 minutes before rolling in confectioners  degrees  sugar, coating completely."
"Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Coat cookie sheets with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, combine candied fruit, pecans, and 1/2 cup flour; toss until fruit and pecans are evenly coated then set aside.  In another large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar until fluffy. Beat in eggs and milk. Add the remaining 1-1/2 cups flour, baking powder, cinnamon, and nutmeg, and beat until well blended.  Stir in fruit mixture; mix well and drop by rounded teaspoonfuls 1 inch apart onto cookie sheets. Bake 15 to 18 minutes, or until golden. Remove to a wire rack to cool completely"
"In a large bowl, cream the butter, cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolk and extracts. Combine the flour, salt and baking soda; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours or until easy to handle.  On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut with a floured 2-1/2-in. cookie cutter. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 375  degrees  for 8-10 minutes or until edges begin to brown. Cool for 2 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks. Decorate as desired."
"Preheat oven to 375  degrees . In a large bowl, cream butter, confectioners' sugar and salt until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and extracts. Gradually beat flour into creamed mixture.  Using a cookie press fitted with a disk of your choice, press dough 2 in. apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake until set, 6-8 minutes (do not brown). Remove to wire racks to cool completely.  In a small bowl, mix confectioners' sugar and enough water to reach desired consistency. Dip cookies in glaze; decorate as desired. Let stand until set.
Melted chocolate candy coating may be used in place of confectioners' sugar glaze; dip and decorate as directed.
If the dough is sticky, chill it in the freezer for 10-15 minutes before loading it into the press."
"Cream butter and confectioners' sugar until light and fluffy; beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually beat in flour. Divide dough in half. Wrap each in plastic; refrigerate 2 hours or until firm enough to roll.  Preheat oven to 375  degrees . On a floured surface, roll each portion of dough to 3/16-in. thickness. Cut with floured 3-in. cookie cutters. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake until set, 5-7 minutes. Cool on pans 2 minutes; remove to wire racks to cool completely.  Beat confectioners' sugar, water and meringue powder on low speed until blended; beat on high until soft peaks form, about 4 minutes. Add corn syrup; beat 1 minute.  Tint with food coloring as desired. (Always keep unused icing covered with a damp cloth; if necessary, beat again on high speed to restore texture.) Pipe or spread icing on cookies; decorate as desired. Let dry."
"In a large bowl, cream butter, shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, milk and extracts. In another bowl, whisk flour, baking soda and salt; gradually beat into creamed mixture. Divide dough into four portions. Shape each into a disk; wrap in plastic. Refrigerate, covered, overnight or until firm enough to roll.  Preheat oven to 400  degrees . On a lightly floured surface, roll each portion of dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut with floured 3-in. holiday cookie cutters. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets.   Bake until edges are lightly brown, 5-7 minutes. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool completely.   In a large bowl, beat confectioners  degrees  sugar, vanilla and enough cream to reach a spreading consistency. If desired, beat in food coloring. Frost and decorate cookies as desired."
"Cream butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Add egg and oil, beating well. In another bowl, whisk 2-3/4 cups flour, baking soda, cream of tartar and salt. Gradually beat into creamed mixture, adding flour if needed, until dough forms a ball.  Divide dough into 3 portions. Add red food coloring and cherry extract to one portion. Add blue food coloring and raspberry extract to second portion. Add lemon extract to untinted portion.  Shape each portion into a 10-in.-long block. Place red, white and blue logs side by side. Lightly press blocks together. Wrap and refrigerate until firm, 30 minutes.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Unwrap and cut dough crosswise into 1/4-in. slices. Place 1 in. apart on parchment-lined baking sheets. To create ridges, lightly press cookies with a fork. Bake until set, 10-12 minutes. Cool on pans 2 minutes; remove to wire racks to cool completely."
"Preheat oven to 325 F degrees.  Add the butter to a large bowl and blend it until smooth using an electric mixer set at medium speed for about 30 seconds.  Add the icing sugar and continue mixing until well incorporated. Scrape down the sides of the bowl and combine thoroughly.  Add flour and mix at low speed until well blended. The mixture will be crumbled and soft.  Pat dough into an ungreased cookie sheet, lined with parchment paper, with the parchment paper hanging off the sides to make it easy to lift out the cookies. Alternatively you can roll out the dough so that it's about 1/4 of an inch in thickness, you can knead it a bit just so that the dough comes together, but don't overwork it, then cut into your desired shape.  Bake for 12 to 15 minutes, or until just done (slightly golden in color). Do not let them get brown. Remove from the oven. If using a cookie sheet, lift out the cookies from the sheet using the parchment paper and cut into desired shapes. Finish cooling the cookies on a rack."
"In a bowl, beat butter and confectioners' sugar until blended. Beat in lemon juice. In a small bowl, whisk flour and cornstarch; gradually beat into butter mixture. Divide dough in half; shape each into an 8-in.-long roll. Wrap in plastic; refrigerate 2 hours or until firm.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Unwrap and cut dough crosswise into 1/4-in. slices. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets.  Bake 8-12 minutes or until firm. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool completely.  For frosting, in a small bowl, beat butter and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Beat in lemon zest, lemon juice and, if desired, food coloring. Spread over cookies."
" In a large bowl, cream the butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Combine flour, baking powder and salt; gradually add to the creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in 1/2 cup pecans. Shape into two 7-in. rolls; wrap each in plastic wrap. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until firm.  Unwrap and cut into 1/4-in. slices. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Sprinkle with remaining nuts; press gently. Bake at 350  degrees  for 10-12 minutes or until edges begin to brown. Remove to wire racks to cool."
" In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla. Gradually beat flour into creamed mixture. Stir in coconut.
Using a sheet of waxed paper, shape dough into a 12x3x1-in. rectangle. Wrap in waxed paper; refrigerate 3 hours or overnight.  Preheat oven to 300  degrees . Unwrap and cut dough crosswise into 1/4-in. slices. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake 18-20 minutes or until edges are light golden. Cool on pans 5 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool."
"In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in extract. Combine the flour, baking powder and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture alternately with orange juice. Stir in the candied fruit, coconut, raisins and nuts. Press into a greased and waxed paper-lined 10-in. tube pan. Bake at 300  degrees  for 80-90 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pan to a wire rack to cool completely. If desired, dust with confectioners' sugar and sprinkle candied fruit or nuts."
"Preheat oven to 275  degrees . Line bottoms of four greased 9x5-in. loaf pans with parchment; grease parchment.  In a small bowl, toss candied fruit, raisins and walnuts with 1/2 cup flour. In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Gradually beat in remaining flour. Fold in fruit mixture.  Transfer to prepared pans. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 50-60 minutes. Cool in pans 10 minutes before removing to wire racks to cool."
" In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and extract until smooth. Gradually beat in as much confectioners' sugar as possible.  Turn onto a work surface dusted with confectioners' sugar; knead in remaining confectioners' sugar until smooth and sugar is absorbed (mixture will be stiff). Divide mixture in half. Using food coloring, tint one portion pink and the other portion light green, kneading until blended.   Divide each portion in half; shape each half into a 10-in. log to make two pink logs and two green logs. Place one log on a 12-in. piece of waxed paper lightly dusted with confectioners' sugar. Flatten log slightly; cover with a second piece of waxed paper. Roll out candy mixture into a 12-in. x 5-in. rectangle. Repeat with remaining logs.  Remove top sheet of waxed paper from one pink and one green rectangle. Place one rectangle over the other. Roll up jelly-roll style, starting with a long side. Wrap in waxed paper; twist ends. Repeat with remaining rectangles. Chill overnight.  To serve, cut candy into 1/2-in. slices. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week."
"Put the coconut and icing sugar in a bowl.  Poour in the condensed milk and vanilla and mix to combine.  Cover and chill.  Roll into balls and dip into chocolate melted with butter.  Top with extra coconut."
"Melt margarine, add iciing sugar and peanut butter and mix well.  Ulet set overnight.  sing hands shape into balls.  Melt chocolate chips and pawax in double boiler.  Use toothpicks to dip balls, keeping top open.  Put on wax paper. Can freeze."
" Line a 15x10x1-in. baking pan with waxed paper; lightly coat paper with cooking spray and set aside.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Add vanilla and cream of tartar to egg whites; beat on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in sugar, 2 Tbsp. at a time, on high until stiff glossy peaks form and sugar is dissolved. Fold in flour, about 1/4 cup at a time.  Gently spread batter into prepared pan. Bake 15-20 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Cool 5 minutes.  Turn cake onto a kitchen towel dusted with 1 tablespoon confectioners  degrees  sugar. Gently peel off waxed paper. Roll up cake in the towel jelly-roll style, starting with a short side. Cool completely on a wire rack.  In a large saucepan, combine sugar and cornstarch; stir in water until smooth. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat; cook and stir 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir a small amount of hot mixture into egg; return all to the pan, stirring constantly. Bring to a gentle boil; cook and stir 2 minutes.
Remove from heat. Gently stir in lemon juice, zest and, if desired, food coloring. Cool to room temperature without stirring.  Unroll cake; spread filling to within 1/2 in. of edges. Roll up again. Place seam side down on a serving plate; sprinkle with additional confectioners' sugar."
"In a large bowl of a stand mixer or using an electric handheld mixer, cream the butter with 3/4 cup sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in the egg yolks, flavorings, and rum.  Gradually add the flour, using hands to knead in last of it.  When the dough is smooth, shape into rolls about 1 1/2 inches in diameter, wrap in waxed paper and place in the refrigerator. Chill for at least 6 hours or overnight.  Cut into 1/4-inch slices and roll each slice with hands to form a ball. Roll balls in a mixture of the remaining 1/2 cup sugar and the orange zest.  Place on cookie sheet and flatten with a flat bottom glass dipped in the sugar-orange mixture.  Bake on lightly greased and floured baking sheets at 350 degrees F for 10 to 12 minutes."
"Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).  Beat the butter or margarine in a large mixing bowl at medium speed until very creamy. Gradually add the 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, beating until light and fluffy.  Combine the flour, nuts and salt add to the butter mixture and beat until just blended. Stir in the rum extract. Shape cookies into 1inch balls and place on ungreased cookie sheets. Flatten cookies down.
Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 12 to 15 minutes. When cool spread with Rum Glaze.
To Make Rum Glaze: Combine the 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar, milk and 1/8 teaspoon rum extract. Stir until smooth."
"Drain the cherries, reserving the liquid.  Lightly dab the cherries  with a paper towel so that they are as dry as possible.  Set them aside on paper twoels to continue to dry while you prepare the sugar dough.  In a medium size bowl mix butter, cup of powdered sugar, corn syrup, 1 tablespoon liquid from cherries and invertase.  Stir until blended,   Add 1\2 cup powdered sugar until the nmixture forms a soft dough.  Refrigerate the dough for 30  minutes.  Roll the sugar dough in 1/2 inch balls.  Flatten  the balls and completely cover the cherry.  Refrigerate the dough covered cherries for 20 minutes.  Meanwhile melt the chocolate according the the directions on the back of the package.  Dip balls in chocolate with a fork, shaking off access and return to prepared sheet.  Efrigerate covered cherries for  r20 minutes.  Carefully drizzle chocolate over truffels.  Store in erve colc.   These can also be frozen for longer storage."
"Combine the first 5 ingredients until well blended and smooth and place in fridge until firm.  Meanwhile spread out the drained cherries on a cookie sheet and freeze for at least 1 hours.  Scoop out about 1-2 teaspoon of filling and form into a ball around a cherry. Place on a wax paper lined cookie sheet and freeze for 1 hr after you have formed them all.  Melt dipping chocolate and using your hands dip each cherry placing it on a wax paper lined cookie sheet and chill in fridge until chocolate is solid.  Remove cherries carefully as not to break them open and loose the center.  Place in an airtight plastic container and keep in a cool dry place for up to 1 month."
"Combine first four ingredients in large bowl.  Add maple syrup, bourbon, and vanilla.  Use your hands to make sure all the ingredients are mixed thoroughly.  Form balls by scooping a tablespoon size amount of mixture.  Roll in hands to form balls.  Place balls on cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Place cookie sheet in the freezer for 2 hrs. Tip: After all balls are made, roll balls again with slightly water damped hands. This will make balls smooth before dipping in chocolate.
Melt chocolate bark in a double boiler or microwave per directions on package.  Dip frozen balls into chocolate.  Place on parchment paper lined cookie sheet.  These freeze well.  Take out of the freezer and let sit for 15 minutes."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (180  degrees C).  Slice the rolls in half lengthwise.  Place the bottom half on a 9x13-inch (23x33 cm) baking tray.  Spread the chicken evenly on the rolls, followed by the marinara, mozzarella, and basil.  Place the remaining half of the rolls on top.  Mix the melted butter with the garlic, parsley, and parmesan.  Brush the top of  the rolls with the butter mixture.  Bake for 20 minutes.  Slice, then serve."
"Flatten chicken to 1/4-in. thickness. In a shallow dish, combine the egg substitute, 2 tablespoons wine or broth, 2 tablespoons lemon juice, garlic and hot pepper sauce. In another shallow dish, combine the flour, Parmesan cheese, parsley and salt. Coat chicken with flour mixture, dip in egg substitute mixture, then coat again with flour mixture.  2. In a large nonstick skillet, brown four chicken breast halves in 1-1/2 teaspoons oil for 3-5 minutes on each side or until juices run clear. Remove and keep warm. Drain drippings. Repeat with remaining chicken and oil. Remove and keep warm.  In the same pan, melt butter. Add the remaining wine or broth and lemon juice. Bring to a boil. Boil, uncovered, until sauce is reduced by a fourth. Drizzle over chicken."
"Preheat oven to 400F.  In a medium bowl, combine oil, maple syrup and cinnamon with salt and pepper.  Add potatoes and toss to coat.  Place on a parchment lined baking sheet and roast for 30 minutes until brown and crispy, serve with sliced pork."
"Preheat the oven to 375 F (190 C) and grease a 9x13 casserole dish.
In a heavy skillet over moderate heat, melt the butter and cook the onion and celery until softened, about 5 minutes - generously salt and pepper.  Sprinkle over the flour and stir and cook for about 1 minute.  Stir in the broth and thyme and bring to a boil over medium heat - stirring occasionally.  Stir in the milk, chicken, carrots, peas and lemon juice, then pour into the casserole dish and bake for about 20 minutes.  Remove the dish from the oven and increase the temperature to 425 F (205 C).  Cut out your biscuits into 12 rounds,  and arrange them on top of the chicken gravy.  Whisk the egg and tbsp water together and brush the biscuits with the egg wash.  Return the dish to the oven, and bake until the biscuits are done, about 10 - 12 more minutes."
"Mix cornstarch and water until smooth. In a large nonstick skillet, heat 2 teaspoons oil over medium-high heat; stir-fry chicken and garlic 1 minute. Add honey, soy sauce, salt and pepper; cook and stir until chicken is no longer pink, 2-3 minutes. Remove from pan.   In same pan, stir-fry vegetable blend in remaining oil just until tender, 4-5 minutes. Return chicken to pan. Stir cornstarch mixture and add to pan; bring to a boil. Cook and stir until thickened, about 1 minute. Serve with rice."
"Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper.  Grease a baking dish with cooking spray.  Arrange chicken in baking dish and top with 1/3 of the barbecue sauce; rub in the barbecue sauce and top with pineapple chunks.  Add remaining barbecue sauce on top and cover with plastic wrap.  Place in fridge for 30 minutes to 2 hours.  When ready to bake, preheat oven to 400F.  Remove plastic wrap.  Drizzle olive oil over the chicken.  Bake uncovered for 40 minutes, or until chicken's internal temperature reads 165F.  Remove from oven and serve."
"In a large bowl, cream the butter and sugar together. Mix in the almond extract. Add the flour, baking powder and salt. Mix well.
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees.  Roll the dough into 1 inch balls. Roll the balls in sugar. Place the cookies on an ungreased baking sheet. Using the bottom of a glass, slightly flatten the cookies.  Bake for 7-8 minutes. Allow the cookies to cool for 1 minute before removing them to a wire rack.
Recipe Notes
You can also drop the dough by teaspoonfuls onto the baking sheet if desired. Sprinkle some sugar on top! If you like fatter cookies, don't flatten the balls."
"Line two baking sheets with waxed paper; grease the paper and set aside. In a large heavy saucepan, combine the caramels and water; cook and stir over low heat until smooth. Stir in pecans and cereal until coated. Drop by teaspoonfuls onto prepared pans. Refrigerate for 10 minutes or until firm.   Meanwhile, in a microwave, melt chocolate chips and shortening; stir until smooth. Dip candy into chocolate, coating all sides; allow excess to drip off. Place on prepared pans. Refrigerate until set. Store in an airtight container."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Beat butter, cream cheese and granulated sugar until blended. Beat in egg and vanilla. In another bowl, whisk flour, milk powder and baking powder; gradually beat into creamed mixture. Chill dough 30 minutes or until slightly firm.  Scoop level tablespoonfuls of dough; roll in confectioners  degrees  sugar. Place 1 in. apart on parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Bake until light brown, 10-12 minutes. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool."
"In a large bowl, cream shortening and brown sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs. Combine the flour, baking soda and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Fold in rhubarb and coconut.
Drop by rounded tablespoonfuls 2 in. apart onto greased baking sheets. Bake at 350  degrees  for 10-14 minutes or until golden brown. Cool for 1 minute before removing to wire racks to cool completely.  For frosting, in a small bowl, beat cream cheese and butter until fluffy. Beat in the confectioners' sugar and vanilla. Spread over cookies.
Editor's Note: If using frozen rhubarb, measure rhubarb while still frozen, then thaw completely. Drain in a colander, but do not press liquid out."
"Preheat oven to 400  degrees . In a large bowl, cream shortening and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs and vanilla. Combine flour, baking powder and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well.
Shape dough into 1-1/2-in. balls. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake 8-10 minutes or until lightly browned. Remove to wire racks to cool.   For icing, in a small bowl, combine milk, butter, vanilla and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Tint with food coloring if desired. Dip tops of cookies in icing; allow excess to drip off. Sprinkle with coarse sugar if desired. Place on waxed paper; let stand until set."
"In an extra-large mixing bowl let egg whites stand at room temperature 30 minutes. Meanwhile, sift 3/4 cup powdered sugar and flour together three times; set aside.  Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Line sixteen, 2 1/2-inch muffin cups with paper bake cups.  Add cream of tartar and vanilla to egg whites. Beat with a mixer on medium until soft peaks form. Add granulated sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating until stiff peaks form.  Sift one-fourth of the flour mixture over egg whites; fold in gently. Repeat, folding in remaining flour mixture by fourths. Spoon into bake cups, filling each to top of cup. Bake 18 minutes or until tops are lightly browned and spring back when lightly touched. Transfer pan to a wire rack; cool 5 minutes. Remove bake cups from pan; cool completely.
In a large mixing bowl beat softened butter and chocolate-hazelnut spread with a mixer on medium until light and fluffy. Add 1 cup powdered sugar, heavy cream, vanilla, and salt; beat until smooth. Once combined, increase speed to medium-high and beat until fluffy, about 2 minutes. Using a pastry bag fitted with a large round tip,  pipe frosting around the top of cooled cupcakes. Sprinkle top with berries and sprinkle with powdered sugar.
Make cupcakes as directed through step 4. Place in an airtight container and freeze for up to 3 months. When ready to serve, thaw cupcakes at room temperature. Continue with step 5 as directed."
"Crush the graham crackers.  Stir in the melted butter and 1/2 cup of granulated sugar.  Press into 9x13 inch pan.  Beat the cream cheese until smooth.  Add the beaten eggs, sugar, and vanilla. Mix well.  Pour the cream cheese mixture over crust and bake at 375 degrees for 20-23 minutes, or until done (top is dry to touch).  Cool and top with blueberry pie filling and whipped cream or whipped topping."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 1 1/2-quart casserole; set aside. In a large bowl combine bread cubes and raisins.  In a medium bowl combine eggs, milk, melted butter, sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and vanilla. Stir into bread mixture. Pour into the prepared casserole. Bake, uncovered, in the preheated oven for 50 to 55 minutes or until puffed and a knife inserted near the center comes out clean. Cool slightly. If desired, serve with warm Butterscotch Sauce.
Pear-Ginger Bread Pudding:
Prepare as above, except substitute snipped dried pears for the raisins. Substitute 1 tablespoon finely chopped crystallized ginger for the cinnamon and 1 teaspoon finely shredded orange peel for the nutmeg.
Chocolate Chip Bread Pudding:
Prepare as above except substitute chocolate milk for the milk and semisweet chocolate pieces for the raisins. Omit nutmeg and add 1/2 cup chopped pecans, toasted. Omit sauce and, if desired, serve with vanilla ice cream.
Butterscotch Sauce
Ingredients
  degrees 1/2 cup butter or unsalted butter
  degrees 1/2 cup half-and-half or light cream
  degrees 1/2 cup granulated sugar
  degrees 1/2 cup packed brown sugar
  degrees 1 teaspoon vanilla
Directions
1.In a medium saucepan combine butter, half-and-half, granulated sugar, and brown sugar. Cook and stir over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes or until mixture is slightly thickened and just comes to a full boil. Stir in vanilla. Serve warm. (Cover and chill any leftovers for up to 3 days. Reheat before serving.)
Bourbon Sauce
Ingredients
  degrees 1/4 cup margarine or butter
  degrees 1/2 cup sugar
  degrees 1 egg yolk
  degrees 2 tablespoons water
  degrees 2 tablespoons bourbon
Directions
1.In a saucepan melt margarine or butter. Remove from heat and stir in sugar. Stir together egg yolk and water. Add to sugar mixture, stirring constantly. Cook and stir over medium-low heat for 4 to 5 minutes or until sugar dissolves and mixture just begins to bubble. Remove from heat. Stir in 2 tablespoons bourbon. Serve warm. Makes about 3/4 cup."
"In a medium saucepan combine butter, half-and-half, granulated sugar, and brown sugar. Cook and stir over medium heat for 5 to 8 minutes or until mixture is slightly thickened and just comes to a full boil. Stir in vanilla. Serve warm. (Cover and chill any leftovers for up to 3 days. Reheat before serving.)"
"In a saucepan melt margarine or butter. Remove from heat and stir in sugar. Stir together egg yolk and water. Add to sugar mixture, stirring constantly. Cook and stir over medium-low heat for 4 to 5 minutes or until sugar dissolves and mixture just begins to bubble. Remove from heat. Stir in 2 tablespoons bourbon. Serve warm. Makes about 3/4 cup."
"Dissolve each of your Jell-o flavors into their own container into one cup of boiling water.  Chill them all over night .  Slice up the solidified Jell-o into small squares.  Spread the squares into a large container, mixing the colors around.  Mix both envelopes of the unflavored gelatin into 2 cups of hot water and stir  Pour in condensed milk and whisk together.  Pour the mixture over the cubed Jell-o so they are all covered.   Refrigerate over night.  Cut it up into squares."
"In a small saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Add pecans; cook and stir 2-3 minutes or until pecans are fragrant. Stir in brown sugar, cream and honey; cook and stir until sugar is dissolved and mixture begins to darken. Pour into a greased 9-in. square baking pan.
In a small bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. In a large bowl, whisk 2-1/4 cups flour, sugar, pie spice, salt, baking soda, baking powder and cinnamon. Cut in butter until crumbly. Add pumpkin, buttermilk, vanilla and yeast mixture; mix well.   Turn dough onto a floured surface; knead gently 8-10 times, adding additional flour if needed. Roll dough into a 9-in. square. Cut into 16 squares; arrange over pecan mixture. Cover with plastic wrap; refrigerate overnight.   Remove pan from refrigerator 30 minutes before baking. Preheat oven to 400  degrees . Uncover; bake 24-28 minutes or until golden brown. Carefully invert onto a platter; serve warm."
"Line a 13x9-in. dish with half of the graham crackers, breaking crackers to fit as needed.  Whisk milk and pudding mixes 2 minutes; let stand until soft-set, about 2 minutes. Fold in whipped topping; spread evenly over crackers. Top with remaining crackers.  In a microwave-safe bowl, microwave chocolate and butter until melted; stir until blended. Stir in remaining ingredients. Spread over top. Refrigerate, covered, 8 hours or overnight."
"Stir together the milk, tapioca, sugar, and salt in a medium saucepan. Bring the mixture to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Reduce heat to low; cook and stir 5 minutes longer.  Whisk 1 cup of the hot milk mixture into the beaten eggs, 2 tablespoons at a time until incorporated. Stir the egg mixture back into the tapioca until well mixed. Bring the pudding to a gentle simmer over medium-low heat; cook and stir 2 minutes longer until the pudding becomes thick enough to evenly coat the back of a metal spoon. Remove from the heat and stir in the vanilla. The pudding may be served hot or poured into serving dishes and refrigerated several hours until cold."
"In a small saucepan, combine the brown sugar, cornstarch and salt. Add milk and egg yolks; stir until smooth. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture comes to a boil. Cook and stir 1-2 minutes longer or until thickened.  Remove from the heat; stir in butter and vanilla. Cool to room temperature, stirring several times. Pour into four individual dessert dishes. Cover and refrigerate for 1-2 hours or until chilled."
"In medium saucepan over medium heat, heat milk until bubbles form at edges. In a bowl, combine sugar, cornstarch and salt. Pour into hot milk, a little at a time, stirring to dissolve. Continue to cook and stir until mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a metal spoon. Do not boil. Remove from heat, stir in vanilla and butter. Pour into serving dishes. Chill before serving."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a large bowl, combine crumbs, sugar and cinnamon; stir in butter. Press into an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Beat in sugar and eggs until fluffy. Pour over crust. Bake 15-20 minutes or until set. Cool on a wire rack.  In the top of a double boiler or a metal bowl over simmering water, combine pumpkin, egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, milk, cinnamon and salt. Cook and stir over low heat until a thermometer reads 160  degrees ; remove from heat. Transfer to a large bowl; wipe out double boiler.  In a small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over cold water; let stand 1 minute. Heat over low heat, stirring until gelatin is completely dissolved. Stir into pumpkin mixture; cool.  In the double boiler, whisk egg whites and remaining sugar over low heat until temperature reaches 160  degrees . Remove from heat; using a mixer, beat until stiff glossy peaks form and sugar is dissolved.  Fold into pumpkin mixture. Pour over cream cheese layer. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or until set.  Just before serving, in a large bowl, beat cream until it begins to thicken. Add sugar and vanilla; beat until stiff peaks form. Spread over pumpkin layer.

Test Kitchen Tips
 Gelatin cannot be added directly to recipes. It first needs to hydrate or "bloom" in a small amount of liquid and then be heated. Skip this step and you risk major problems with texture.
 For the lightest, airiest whipped cream, be sure to use heavy whipping cream that is icy cold and not ultra pasteurized."
"Line a 13-in. x 9-in. pan with foil; grease the foil with 2 teaspoons butter.   In a large heavy saucepan, combine the sugar, milk and remaining butter. Bring to a rapid boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Cook, without stirring, for 2 minutes. Remove from the heat.   Stir in marshmallows until melted. Add all chocolate; stir until melted. Stir in vanilla. Immediately spread into prepared pan; cool for 1 hour.   Score into 1-in. squares. Refrigerate, covered, for 3 hours or until firm. Using foil, lift out fudge. Remove foil; cut fudge. Store between layers of waxed paper in airtight containers. Decorate as desired."
"In a bowl, cut butter into the flour until crumbly. Press into an ungreased 13-in. x 9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 18-22 minutes or until set. Cool on a wire rack.   In a mixing bowl, beat cream cheese and sugar until smooth. Fold in 1 cup whipped topping. Spread over crust.  In a mixing bowl, beat milk and pudding mix on low speed for 2 minutes. Carefully spread over the cream cheese layer. Top with the remaining whipped topping. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour."
"Place flour and butter in a food processor; cover and process until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Add 1 cup cashews; pulse a few times until combined.   Press into a greased 13-in. x 9-in. baking dish. Bake at 350  degrees  for 25-28 minutes or until golden brown. Cool completely on a wire rack.   In a small bowl, beat the cream cheese, peanut butter and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Fold in 1 cup whipped topping. Spoon over crust.  In another bowl, whisk milk and both pudding mixes for 2 minutes. Let stand for 2 minutes or until soft-set. Spread over cream cheese layer. Top with remaining whipped topping. Sprinkle with chopped candy bar and remaining cashews. Cover and refrigerate for at least 1 hour before serving."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9 x 13 inch baking dish. Spread the rhubarb evenly in the bottom of the baking dish. Sprinkle the sugar over the rhubarb, followed by the jell-o, and finally the cake mix. Pour the water and melted butter over the top. Do not stir. Bake for 45 minutes or until the rhubarb is tender."
"Dissolve yeast in water. Add butter, sugar, milk powder and salt, then beat in 2 cups flour on low for 3 minutes. Stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft dough.  Turn onto a floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, 6-8 minutes. Place dough in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour.  Meanwhile, in a small saucepan, make sauce by combining brown sugar, butter and corn syrup; cook over medium heat until sugar is dissolved. Stir in pecans. Pour into a greased 13x9-in. baking dish.  Punch down dough. Turn onto a floured surface; roll into a 16x10-in. rectangle. Make filling by combining butter, sugar and cinnamon; spread to within 3/4 in. of edges. Roll up jelly-roll style, starting with a long side; pinch seam to seal. Cut into 12 slices; place slices cut side down over sauce. Cover with a kitchen towel; let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 45 minutes.  Preheat oven to 375  degrees . Bake until golden brown, 20-25 minutes. Cool 3 minutes before inverting onto a serving platter.
Note: The dough may be prepared in a bread machine. Place dough ingredients (using water that is 70  degrees -80  degrees  and only 3 cups of bread flour) in bread pan in order suggested by manufacturer. Select dough setting (check dough after 5 minutes of mixing; add 1-2 tablespoons of water or flour if needed). When cycle is completed, turn dough onto a floured surface and punch down. Prepare buns as directed."
"In a large saucepan over medium heat, bring the water, butter and salt to a boil. Add flour all at once and stir until a smooth ball forms. Continue beating until smooth and shiny. Remove from the heat; let stand for 5 minutes. Add the eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Pour into a greased 15x10x1-in. baking pan. Bake at 400  degrees  for 28-30 minutes or until puffed and golden brown. Cool on a wire rack.   For filling, in a large bowl, beat the cream cheese, milk and pudding mixes until smooth. Spread over the crust; refrigerate for 20 minutes. Spread with whipped topping. Store in the refrigerator. Just before serving, drizzle with chocolate syrup."
"In a small bowl, stir together the gelatin and cold water. Set aside to soften. In a medium bowl, whisk together the egg yolks, sugar, and salt until smooth.  In a medium saucepan, bring the milk to a boil. Pour the hot milk in a steady stream into the yolk mixture, whisking constantly. Return the mixture to the saucepan and cook and stir over medium heat until the mixture coats the back of a spoon. Remove from heat and pour the custard through a strainer.  Stir in the softened gelatin and vanilla and stir to melt the gelatin. Allow to cool.  When the mixture has cooled almost to room temperature, whip the heavy cream to medium stiffness and fold it into the custard. Immediately transfer the Bavarian cream to parfait glasses, molds, or on prepared cake layers, as it will firm up quickly as the gelatin sets. Refrigerate at least one hour before serving."
"In a heavy saucepan, beat the egg yolk well. Over medium heat, add the flour mixture to the egg yolk, alternately with the milk and vanilla, stirring constantly.  Bring the mixture to a slow boil. Continue cooking and stirring until mixture is thickened; approximately 2 to 3 minutes.
Pour the custard into a bowl and refrigerate for 30 minutes, or just long enough for it to begin to gel. It should be thick but pourable.
This last step is the secret of a fabulous Bavarian Cream: Beat the cream only until it holds soft peaks. If the cream is too stiff, the dessert will be too firm. Fold the whipped cream into the custard.   Spoon into a 2-quart mold or bowl, cover with plastic wrap or a lid and refrigerate several hours, to allow the dessert to gel. If the Bavarian cream is in a mold, turn it out onto a plate before serving. Otherwise, spoon into dessert bowls."
"Combine all in a bowl and mix with hand blender until smooth and thick.
For Vanilla - Use Vanilla flavored pudding.
For Milk Chocolate - Use chocolate pudding.
For dark chocolate - Use chocolate pudding and add 2 T cocoa powder (or more to your liking).
For cheesecake flavored - Use cheescake pudding.
Be sure to use it on cooled layer cakes and refrigerate it after it is mixed and/or on the cake. You can use fat free milk if you want to but it is no where near as rich, thick and creamy"
"Preheat oven to 425  degrees . In a small bowl, whisk the first five ingredients until blended; stir in tomatoes, onion and 2 tablespoons basil.  Spread cream cheese over bread slices; place slices on greased baking sheets. Top with tomato mixture; sprinkle with mozzarella cheese.   Bake 7-9 minutes or until cheese is melted. Sprinkle with additional basil."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F/175  degrees C.  Combine the beef, salt, pepper, and garlic powder in a 9x13in (22cm x 33cm) baking tray, mixing thoroughly and pressing it in a flat, even layer.  Bake for 20 minutes.
4.Set aside the cooked beef and drain the liquid.  Slice the rolls in half lengthwise.  Place the bottom half on the same 9inx13in (22cm x 33cm) baking tray.  Place the cooked beef on the rolls, followed by the onions and cheddar.  Place the remaining half of the rolls on top.  Brush the top of the rolls with the butter and sprinkle the sesame seeds on top.
10.Bake for 20 minutes.  Slice, then serve."
"In a food processor, combine the flour, confectioners' sugar, almonds and lemon peel; cover and process until nuts are finely chopped. Add butter; pulse just until mixture is crumbly. Press into a greased 13-in. x 9-in. baking dish. Bake at 350  degrees  for 20 minutes.  Meanwhile, in a bowl, whisk eggs, sugar, coconut, lemon juice, flour, lemon peel and baking powder; pour over the hot crust. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until light golden brown. Cool on a wire rack. Dust with confectioners' sugar. Cut into squares."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, sour cream and vanilla. Combine flour, baking soda and salt; gradually add to creamed mixture. Stir in bananas.  Spread into a greased 15x10x1-in. baking pan. Bake 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean (do not overbake). Cool.  For frosting, in a large bowl, beat cream cheese, butter and vanilla until fluffy. Gradually beat in enough confectioners' sugar to achieve desired consistency. Frost bars. Store in the refrigerator.
Get crunchy by adding toasted walnuts or black walnuts to the batter, or sprinkling them over the frosting."
"Remove stems from strawberries; cut a deep "X" in the tip of each berry. Gently spread berries open.  In a small bowl, beat the cream cheese, confectioners' sugar and extract until light and fluffy. Pipe or spoon about 2 teaspoons into each berry; if desired, sprinkle with chocolate. Chill until serving."
"Brown ground beef in a stock pot over medium high heat. Once cooked, turn off the heat and drain fat.  Return to heat on medium temperature. Add all of the dry ingredients plus the fresh garlic. Mix thoroughly with the meat and cook for 3 minutes.  Add pinto beans and stir into mix, let cook for additional 3 minutes.  Add tomato sauce. Let simmer for at least 15 minutes before serving. If you want, it can simmer for as long as you like, making sure to stir it occasionally so nothing will stick and burn."
" Sift flour, sugar, baking powder and salt together. In a separate, large bowl combine eggs, milk and oil; stir in flour mixture and apples all at once mixing just until combined.   Heat 2-3 inches of oil in a large saucepan or cast iron skillet to 365 degrees F. Drop tablespoons of batter carefully into the oil frying until puffy and golden, turning once, about 3-4 minutes.   Remove to paper towels and sprinkle with confectioners' sugar and/or dunk in glaze.
Glaze:
In a medium saucepan over low heat combine milk and vanilla; heat until warm. Whisk the confectioners' sugar slowly into the milk and continue whisking until well combined.  Remove glaze from the heat and set over a bowl of warm water. Dip doughnuts into the glaze and set on a wire rack."
" Preheat oven to 350  degrees F. Prepare penne pasta according to package directions; drain. Coat a 9" x 13" baking dish with cooking spray.   Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine ricotta cheese, Parmesan cheese, evaporated milk, egg, garlic powder, salt, and pepper; mix until well combined.   Stir in broccoli and cooked chicken; mix well. Add penne and toss gently until well mixed; pour into baking dish and sprinkle with mozzarella cheese.   Cover with foil and bake 45 minutes then remove foil and bake 5 more minutes."
"Heat oven to 350  degrees F. Combine 1 cup flour and sugar in medium bowl.  Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press firmly into bottom of  ungreased 13 x 9-inch pan. Bake 15 minutes. Combine sweetened condensed milk, cocoa, egg,  1/4 cup flour, vanilla and baking powder in large bowl. Dissolve instant coffee in hot water. Add to cocoa mixture. Mix well. Stir in nuts. Spread over baked crust. Bake 20 minutes or until center is set. Cool. Frost,  if desired or sprinkle with powdered sugar."
"Lne an 8- or 9-inch square pan with waxed paper.   Melt white candy wafers with sweetened condensed milk and salt in heavy saucepan over low heat. Remove from heat; stir in vanilla and nuts. Spread evenly into prepared pan. Chill 2 hours or until firm. Turn fudge onto cutting board, peel off paper and cut into squares."
"In a food processor ground whole Oreo cookies with the filling to get fine crumbs.  Combine Oreo crumbs with 6 tablespoons melted butter and stir until evenly moistened. Press the mixture into the bottom of 9 x 13 inch dish. Set in the fridge to firm while making the filling.  In a bowl mix together cream cheese, 1/2 cup softened butter and powdered sugar and beat well. Mix in 1 1/4 cup Cool Whip. Fold in blueberries.   Spread the mixture over the crust.  In a medium bowl combine white chocolate instant pudding with 3 cups cold milk. Whisk for a few minutes until the pudding starts to thicken and mix in pulverized freeze dried blueberries. Spread over cream cheese layer. Set in the fridge to firm.
Spread 1 1/2 cups Cool Whip on top.  Top with white chocolate curls or shavings or sprinkle white chocolate chips.  Refrigerate at least 3-4 hours before serving"
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Line a 13x9-in. baking pan with parchment paper, letting ends extend up sides.    In a large bowl, mix flour, brown sugar and salt; stir in 1 cup melted butter. Press onto bottom of prepared pan. Bake until light brown, 12-15 minutes. Cool 10 minutes on a wire rack. Reduce oven setting to 325  degrees .   In a large bowl, whisk the first seven filling ingredients until blended; stir in 3 cups coconut. Pour over crust; sprinkle with remaining coconut. Bake until light golden brown, 25-30 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Lifting with parchment paper, remove from pan. Cut into bars."
"In a large saucepan, bring butter, cocoa and water just to a boil. Cool.  Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking soda and salt. Add cocoa mixture and buttermilk; mix well. Beat in the eggs, vanilla and, if desired, food coloring. Pour into a greased and floured 15x10x1-in. baking pan.  Bake at 350  degrees  for 20 minutes. For frosting, melt butter with cocoa and buttermilk. Stir in the confectioners' sugar, vanilla and salt. Spread over warm cake. Garnish with nuts if desired. Yield: 15 servings."
"In a microwave, melt chocolate and butter; stir until smooth. Remove from the heat; cool slightly. Stir in the sugar, flour, salt, vanilla and eggs. Spread half of the batter into a greased 13x9-in. baking pan.
In a large bowl, combine the filling ingredients. Spoon over chocolate layer. Carefully spread remaining chocolate mixture over filling.  Bake at 350  degrees  for 35-40 minutes or until the sides pull away from the pan. Immediately sprinkle with chocolate chips. Allow chips to soften for a few minutes, then spread over bars. Sprinkle with walnuts. Cool completely before cutting."
"Mix sugar and cinnamon together, set aside.  Rub flour, sugar and margarine together until it  resembles bread crumbs.  Add milk and beaten egg, mix well.  Make into ten balls.  Put sugar mix on board and roll  each ball to size of pie.  Cut into 8 wedges, use mree sugar Roll wide side to narrow side.  Bake 350V for 10 minutes."
"Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Clean mushrooms. Remove stems from mushrooms; discard stems. Place mushroom caps, stem sides up, in a 15x10x1-inch baking pan; set aside.  In a small bowl stir together bread crumbs, Parmesan cheese, sour cream, garlic, parsley, salt, and pepper. Spoon mixture into mushroom caps. Lightly coat mushrooms with nonstick cooking spray. Bake, uncovered, for 17 to 20 minutes or until light brown and heated through.
BACON-CHEDDAR-STUFFED MUSHROOMS:
Prepare as directed, except stir 4 slices bacon, crisp-cooked and crumbled  and 1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese (2 ounces) into the filling."
"Syrup: Place sugar and water in a saucepan. Bring to soft ball stage, 240 degrees F.  Add butter and vanilla extract to the eggs. Add the syrup. Mix with electric mixer until desired consistency is reached."
"Cream margarine and shortening. Add vanilla extract. Gradually add sugar, one cup at a time, beating well. Scrape sides of bowl often. Add milk and beat at medium speed until light and fluffy.  Keep icing covered with a damp cloth until cake is iced, or keep in fridge in an airtight bowl for up to 2 weeks.
Bring to room temperature and re-whip before using. Yield 3 cups.
For Chocolate icing: add 3/4 cup cocoa or 3 squares of unsweetened chocolate, melted; add an additional 1 -2 tablespoons milk.
Hint: Milk makes the icing "crusty"; water will keep the icing soft. You can also add 3-4 tablespoons light corn syrup to make it spreading consistency.
Pineapple flavoring is also excellent."
"Cream one-third of sugar with butter or margarine and salt in large bowl. Blend extract, 2 tablespoons milk and remaining sugar into mixture. Gradually stir remaining milk into frosting until desired spreading consistency is reached."
"Break the chocolate in to squares and place in a microwave safe bowl. Cook on HIGH, stirring every 15 seconds until almost melted. Remove from microwave and stir until completely melted. Allow to cool.
Beat cream cheese until soft and creamy. Gradually beat in the cooled chocolate until smooth. Beat in the butter and lemon juice. Re-beat at room temperature to insure smoothness before frosting.
Store 2 weeks refrigerated or 2 months frozen"
"In a saucepan dissolve flour with milk. Cook until a thick paste forms (this will look like wallpaper paste). Remove from heat and cover with plastic wrap until completely cool.  In a large bowl, add sugar, butter and vanilla extract. Beat with mixer to blend. Add flour paste to this mix and whip until sugar is dissolved. This takes about 10 minutes.
Yields enough to frost a 9 x 13-inch or 2-layer cake"
"Whisk the pudding mix with the half-and-half. Give it a stir every so often for the first few minutes. After five minutes, the mixture should be quite thick. Set aside.  Whip the cream and transfer to another bowl.
In the same mixing bowl that you used to whip the cream  degrees don't wash it  degrees beat together the cream cheese with the sugar and vanilla. Beat it hard, for a couple minutes. Add the pudding mix, a little at a time, continuing to beat hard. Turn off the mixer and fold in the whipped cream by hand. Chill the mixture until ready to use.
This makes enough filling to cover two round cakes and still have some leftover.

Variations: try different pudding mix flavors!"
"In a large crock pot, over 6-quarts or larger, cover the bottom with only 2 cups of the brown sugar   Place ham on top of the brown sugar, open the slices slightly with your hands   Pour the Honey over the ham, evenly .  Add the pineapple around the sides (with the juice) and some on top .  Top with the remaining 1 1/2 cups of brown sugar, making sure it is evenly distributed over the entire top of the ham .  Cover and cook on low for 3 1/2 - 4 hours."
"Add onion to 6 qt crock pot and top with chicken breasts.  In a small bowl, combine cream of celery soup, cream of chicken soup, parsley, poultry seasoning and pepper. Spread over chicken breasts. Top with chicken broth and cook on high 5 hours.  Approximately 1 hour (I allow 60   degrees  90 minutes) before serving (after 4 hours of cooking time), roll each biscuit thin and flat. Cut into 4 strips. Add vegetables to the slow cooker and stir. Add biscuit strips on top. Replace lid as quickly as possible.
TO SERVE
Remove chicken breasts and slightly shred. Add back into slow cooker and stir (this will break up the dumplings somewhat which is ok). Let cook an additional 10 minutes and serve."
"In a medium bowl blend the peanut butter, molasses and coconut flour to create a dough. It should be stiff enough that you can gather it into a ball with your hands. Using a half tablespoon measure, scoop the dough into the spoon and press it firmly until the top is flat.  Nudge it out with your thumb, place on a parchment-lined baking sheet, and press outer edge to create an egg shape. Set in the freezer for 20 minutes. While the eggs are chilling, melt the chocolate in a double boiler. Working quickly, drop one egg at a time into the chocolate. Lift it out with a fork, flat side down, and place back on the cold baking sheet. Immediately sprinkle with decorations. (The chocolate will set quickly.) Store in the fridge or a cool place. Tip: You won  degrees t use all of the chocolate but you  degrees ll need the melted chocolate to be deep enough to dip."
"To make the base:   Beat together the butter and sugar. Mix in the egg and vanilla.   Whisk together the flour, baking powder, ginger and salt and stir into the creamed mixture. Stir just until combined.   Press into a 9  degrees x13  degrees  pan that has been lined with parchment paper. (Ensure that the parchment goes up the sides too).   Bake at 350  degrees F for 15 minutes.   degrees  Leave the oven on.
To make the topping:    Combine butter, brown sugar and molasses in a medium sauce pan over low heat. Stir to combine as the butter melts. Raise the temperature to medium and bring to a boil. Boil for three minutes then remove from heat, stir in the heavy cream and pecans.  Combine well with a rubber spatula then carefully pour, scrape and spread over the baked crust.   Return to the oven for 30-35 minutes. Remove from oven and let cool before cutting."
"In a large bowl, combine the first eight ingredients; beat until smooth. Set aside.  Place grated chocolate and additional chocolate syrup in separate shallow bowls. Hold each glass upside down and dip rim in chocolate syrup, then dip in grated chocolate. Pour drink mixture into prepared glasses. Serve immediately."
"Preheat oven to 400 degrees.  Clean mushrooms thoroughly and remove stems.  Using a tomato huller or small spoon, remove a little bit of the inside flesh of the mushroom.  Fill mushrooms with Salsa and top with cheese.  Bake 15-20 minutes or until cheese is golden"
"Beat eggs and lemon juice in a bowl. In a separate bowl, combine Parmesan cheese,  bread crumbs, Old Bay, tuna, mustard, onion, celery, black pepper and dill. Pour in egg/lemon mixture.  Shape tuna mixture into about eight 1-inch-thick patties. Heat vegetable oil in a skillet over medium heat.  Fry patties until golden brown,  about 5 minutes per side.
NOTE: If you have time, it is best to refrigerate patties for at least an hour. This will help them stay together better during frying, however this is not required."
"Preheat oven to 400  degrees F(200  degrees C).  Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.  Pour flour, sugar and salt in a large bowl.  Using a pastry blender or your fingers, working shortening until it resembles coarse crumbs with some small pea-sized pieces. Sprinkle 2tbsp(30mL) water over flour mixture.  Using a fork, mix until dough is moist enough to hold together when pressed.  Add remaining water by tablespoon (15mL), if needed.  Shape dough into a ball.  Divide in half.  Form each half into 1/2  degrees (1cm) thick rectangles.  Wrap in plastic wrap.  Chill 30 minutes.  On a piece of plastic wrap, roll 1 piece into a rectangle measuring about 9  degrees x12  degrees (23x30cm).  Cut into 12 equal pieces.  On 6 pieces, spread with 1tbsp(15mL jam, leaving a 1/2  degrees   degrees (1cm) border.  Whisk egg with 1tbsp(15mL) water.  On other 6, lightly brush with egg mixture. Sandwich egg-brushed sidedown pieces with jam pieces.  Using prongs of a fork, press edges to seal and place on baking sheet.  Repeat with remaining dough.  Reserve egg mixture.   Topping: Lightly brush tops with reserved egg mixture.  Bake in preheated oven 13-15 minutes.  Cool on a wire rack.  Stiricing sugar with evaporated milk.  Spread over cooled toasties."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F.  Line a 9  degrees  square baking pan with parchment paper so that it over hangs ends for easy removal.   Beat together butter with sugar until fluffy.  Beat in vanilla.  With mixer on low speed, mix in flour and graham crumbs.  Press mixture into base of prepared pan.   Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes or until light golden.  Filling: Pour sweetened condensed milk into microwaveable 8-cup wet measure.  Microwave on Medium (50%) power for 4 minutes, stirring after 2 minutes. Stir in toffee bits.  Microwave on Medium-Low or Defrost (30%) power for  8 minutes, stirring every 2 minutes, or until golden brown and thickened.  Pour over baked crust. Refrigerate for 30 minutes.   Topping: Melt semi-sweet chocolate chips. Spread lightly over filling.   Drizzle white chocolate over.  Let set completely before cutting into small bars."
"Heat oven to 250  degrees . Put popped corn into buttered roasting pan. Mel
butter in saucepan, stir in brown sugar, corn syrup and salt. Bring to
boil, stirring constantly. Boil further without stirring for 5 minutes then
remove from heat. Stir in vanilla then soda. Stir well. Pour over corn,
stir well. Bake an hour, stirring every 15 minutes. Any extract flavour
can be used; try rum, whiskey or cherry!"
"In a small skillet, heat butter over medium heat. Add onion and cook until tender. Remove from the heat. Stir in the cheese, sour cream, mayonnaise and seasonings; set aside.   In a bowl, combine the baking mix and milk to form a soft dough. Turn dough onto a well-floured surface; knead lightly for 10-12 times. Pat into a greased 13x9-in. baking dish, pushing dough up sides of dish to form a shallow rim. Arrange tomato slices over top. Spread with topping; sprinkle with paprika.   Bake at 400  degrees  for 25 minutes. Let stand for 10 minutes before cutting."
" In a small bowl, beat the cream cheese, sugar and extract until smooth. Spoon into shells. Top with pie filling. Refrigerate until serving."
"Preheat oven to 300  degrees F.  Line a 9  degrees x13  degrees  baking pan with parchment papers that it overhangs ends for easy removal.   In a large bowl, combine flour with cornstarch and salt.  In a separate bowl, beat butter with icing sugar and vanilla until very creamy.  Stir in flour mixture, the   cranberries and chocolate chips.  Using floured fingers, pat evenly into prepared pan.  Using a fork, prick surface all over.  Bake 40-50 minutes or until deep golden around edges.  Let stand in pan on wire rack for 30 minutes.  Using parchment paper, lift out of pan.  Slice into bars while still warm.  Cool completely.  Dust with icing sugar if desired"
"Preheat  oven to 350  degrees F.  Grease a 9  degrees x13  degrees    baking pan.  In a large bowl, combine flour, oats, sugar, baking soda, nutmeg and salt until well  mixed.  Using your fingers, mix butter into mixture until crumbs form.  Firmly pat half of mixture into bottom of pan.   In a separate bowl, toss apples with lemon juice, sugar and cinnamon.  Scatter evenly over base.  Sprinkle with remaining crumble mixture, press lightly.  Bake 45-50 minutes until apples are tender and topping is golden.  Cool slightly then cut into squares.  Sauce: Place toffee bits  degrees  in a 4 cup glass measuring cup. Stir in cream. Microwave, uncovered on High, 2- 3 minutes stirring every 30 seconds until toffee bits melt and sauce forms.  Serve drizzled with warm toffee sauce."
"Preheat oven to 425  degrees F Pastry: In a large bowl, blend flour and salt.  Using a pastry blender or your fingers, work in shortening until coarse crumbs form.  Sprinkle 2 tbsp water over flour.  Using a fork, mix in until dough is slightly moist.  Add remaining water if needed.  Shape dough into a 1/2  degrees  thickdisc.  Wrap in plastic wrap.  Refrigerate dough at least 30 minutes. On floured surface using floured rolling pin, roll dough into a circle measuring 11  degrees  .  Loosely roll dough around rolling pin, and then unrolle a sing dough onto 9  degrees  pie plate.  Crimp edges.  Filling: Sprinkle raisins over pie shell. Whisk corn syrup with sugar, eggs, butter, lemon juice, vanilla and salt.  Pour into shell.  Bake on lower rack 15 minutes.  Reduce temperature to 350  degrees F and bake 20-25 minutes until top appears set (it may be bubbly).  Let stand 15 minutes before slicing"
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  If using mini cheesecake pans, the pan is ready to use. If using a mini muffin pan or regular muffin pan, line each cup with a paper or aluminum cupcake liner and spray the insides lightly with nonstick cooking spray.  Combine the ground Oreos/sandwich cookies and melted butter into a bowl until well combined. Spoon into 24 mini cheesecake or mini muffin cups. Press the crumbs into the bottom of each cup so the crust is flat. If you have a small cup or container that fits in the well of the pan, that can be used to help flatten the crust evenly. Partially bake for 10 minutes then remove from oven.  In a large bowl with a handheld or stand mixer, beat the cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in eggs, one at a time. Stir in sour cream, Bailey's, and vanilla.  Pour or spoon batter into cheesecake pan cups to fill to a little less than half of the cup. Then add the melted chocolate to the rest of the batter. Fill the cups to about 3/4 full. Do not overfill or the cakes will rise up over the top of the pan. Extra batter may be baked separately in a small dish.
Bake for 25-28 minutes until cheesecake is cooked through. Remove to a wire rack to cool.  Once the cheesecakes have cooled, loosen the edges with a plastic knife and remove them from the pan by pushing up on the removable bottoms. If using a mini muffin pan, you may remove the wrappers. Arrange cakes on a piece of waxed paper and make the glaze. For a cleaner look, leave the cheesecakes in the pan when applying the glaze.
To make the ganache glaze, put the chocolate in the top of a double boiler and melt above simmering water (or use microwave to melt, being careful to heat on 50% power and for short amounts of time, stirring often). The chocolate should be just melted and only warm, not hot. Meanwhile, bring the cream to a boil in a small saucepan. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate and stir very gently with a rubber spatula until the mixture is smooth and shiny. Stir in the corn syrup.  Pour the glaze over the cheesecakes and smooth the top with the back of a spoon or a metal icing spatula. Don't worry if the glaze drips unevenly down the sides of the cheesecakes, it actually makes for a pretty presentation. If you left the cheesecakes in the pan, pour the glaze on top and refrigerate until set, then run a plastic knife around to loosen before lifting each cake out.  Refrigerate cheesecakes until ready to serve. If keeping overnight or longer, wait until glaze sets, then cover loosely with foil."
"Line a 9x5-in. loaf pan with foil. In a bowl, combine the cookie crumbs and butter. Press firmly onto the bottom and 1-1/2-in. up the sides of prepared pan.   In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until light and fluffy. Add milk and vanilla and mix well. Fold in whipped cream. Spoon half of the mixture into another bowl and set aside. Dissolve coffee in hot water; fold into remaining cream cheese mixture. Fold in chocolate syrup.   Spoon half of the chocolate mixture over crust. Top with half of the reserved cream cheese mixture. Repeat layers. Cut through layers with a knife to swirl the chocolate (pan will be full). Cover and freeze for 6 hours or overnight.  To serve, lift out of the pan; remove foil. Cut into slices."
"Dissolve coffee granules in hot water. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until fluffy. Add vanilla and coffee mixture. Fold in whipped topping. Spoon into crust.   In a small bowl, dissolve coffee granules in milk. In a large bowl, combine milk mixture and pudding mix. Beat on high speed until pudding is thick. Fold in whipped topping. Spread carefully over cream cheese layer.    In a small bowl, beat cream until it begins to thicken. Add confectioners' sugar and Kahlua; beat until soft peaks form. Spread over pudding layer. Top with chocolate curls if desired. Refrigerate for 2 hours or until set."
"In a large bowl, mix cracker crumbs, 3/4 cup sugar and cinnamon; stir in butter. Reserve half of mixture for topping. Press remaining crumb mixture onto bottom of a greased 13x9-in. baking dish.   In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and remaining sugar until smooth. Gradually beat in cream and extract until soft peaks form. Spread half of the cream cheese mixture over crust. Gently spread lemon curd over cream cheese layer. Spread with remaining cream cheese mixture. Sprinkle with reserved cracker crumb mixture. Refrigerate, covered, overnight. Freeze option: After assembling; cover and freeze dessert. To use, thaw in refrigerator overnight."
"Cook macaroni according to package directions; drain and rinse in cold water. Transfer to a large bowl; stir in tomato, celery and green onions.   In a small bowl, whisk mayonnaise, vinegar, salt and pepper. Pour over macaroni mixture and toss to coat. Refrigerate, covered, at least 2 hours. Just before serving, stir in bacon."
"In a large bowl, mix marshmallow creme, coconut, vanilla and salt until blended. Refrigerate, covered, at least 1 hour.   Shape mixture into 1-in. balls. Place on a waxed paper-lined baking sheet. Refrigerate, covered, at least 3 hours.   In a microwave, melt chocolate and shortening; stir until smooth. Dip coconut balls in chocolate; allow excess to drip off. Place on waxed paper; let stand until set.                     To toast coconut, bake in a shallow pan in a 350  degrees  oven for 5-10 minutes or cook in a skillet over low heat until golden brown, stirring occasionally."
"Reserve a handful of strawberries for garnishing the top of the cake.  Place the remaining strawberries in a large bowl.  Sprinkle granulated sugar over top.  Stir to combine and allow to sit.  In a tall bowl whip the heavy cream with an electric mixer until you can start to see a trail of the mixer through the cream. Add the vanilla and 1/4 cup powdered sugar. Whip until stiff peaks form.  (In other words, when you turn off the blender and lift the beaters out of the cream, the cream stand up on the end of the beater).  Set aside.  Line a 9 x 5-inch pan with plastic wrap use enough to have excess that you can wrap over the top.   Layer 1/3 of the whipped cream into the pan.  Spoon 1/2  of the strawberries on top of the whipped cream, evenly.  Top with a layer of graham crackers, breaking them if necessary to make.  Then add another 1/3 of the whipped cream, smoothing it out evenly with a spatula.  Add the remaining strawberries evenly over the whipped cream.  Top with a layer of graham crackers, breaking them if necessary to make them fit.  Pull the excess plastic wrap over the top to cover. Freeze for 3-4 hours.  Meanwhile, add the remaining 1 3/4 cups powdered sugar, pudding mix to the remaining whipped cream.  Whip until it comes together. Refrigerate until ready to use.  Remove the cake from freezer, unwrap the top of the cake and invert pan onto a plate.  Remove the plastic wrap and frost with the whipped cream icing and sprinkle remaining strawberries on top.  Freeze until ready to serve.  Run your knife under hot water to warm the knife.  Dry if necessary, cut cake.  The knife should slide through the cake more easily.  Repeat as necessary.  Serve and enjoy!
NOTES
Homemade whipped cream really makes this icebox cake taste amazing. But, if you are pressed for time, you can use a frozen whipped topping instead. The taste will be very similar and you'll be able to save a few minutes on a busy day. If you do decide to make your own homemade whipped cream topping, adding 1-2 tablespoons of dry pudding mix to whipped cream helps to stabilize it."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a small bowl, mix flour, oats and brown sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Reserve 1 cup mixture for topping. Press remaining mixture onto bottom of a greased 9-in. square baking pan.
For filling, beat cream cheese, sugar, salt and spices until smooth. Add egg and vanilla; beat on low speed just until combined. Fold in rhubarb. Spread over crust. Sprinkle with topping.  Bake until golden brown and filling is set, about 40 minutes. Cool on a wire rack 1 hour. Refrigerate, covered, until cold, about 2 hours. Cut into squares."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Line a 13x9-in. baking pan with parchment, letting ends extend up sides.   In a large bowl, mix flour, brown sugar and salt; stir in 1 cup melted butter. Press onto bottom of prepared pan. Bake until light brown, 12-15 minutes. Cool 10 minutes on a wire rack. Reduce oven setting to 325  degrees .   In a large bowl, whisk the first 7 filling ingredients until blended; stir in 3 cups coconut. Pour over crust; sprinkle with remaining coconut. Bake until light golden brown, 25-30 minutes. Cool in pan on a wire rack. Lifting with parchment, remove from pan. Cut into bars."
"In a large bowl, combine 1 cup flour and the confectioners' sugar. Cut in butter until crumbly. Pat into a lightly greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Bake at 350  degrees  for 13-15 minutes or until edges are lightly browned.  In a large bowl, combine sugar and remaining flour. Add eggs. Stir in the rhubarb, walnuts and coconut; pour over crust. Bake 30-35 minutes longer or until set. Cool on a wire rack. Cut into bars."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Place flour in a small bowl; cut in butter until crumbly. Stir in 1/2 cup walnuts. Press onto bottom of an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. Bake until light golden brown, 12-15 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack.   In a small bowl, beat cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until smooth; fold in 1 carton whipped topping. Spread over crust. In a large bowl, whisk milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes. Gently spread over cream cheese layer. Top with remaining whipped topping. Sprinkle with chocolate chunks and remaining walnuts. Refrigerate until cold.   Cut into bars. Just before serving, drizzle with chocolate syrup.   To toast nuts, bake in a shallow pan in a 350  degrees  oven for 5-10 minutes or cook in a skillet over low heat until lightly browned, stirring occasionally.
  degrees  2020 RDA Enthusiast Brands, LLC"
"In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, confectioners' sugar and extract until smooth. Gradually beat in 1 cup coconut milk. Add pudding mix; beat on low speed until smooth. Fold in whipped topping.   Pour remaining coconut milk into a shallow dish. Quickly dip half of the graham crackers into milk; allow excess to drip off. Arrange in a single layer in the bottom of a 13x9-in. baking dish, breaking to fit as needed. Layer with half each of the cream cheese mixture, pineapple and coconut. Repeat layers. Refrigerate, covered, at least 4 hours before serving.  For golden color and a nutty coconut flavor, toast the 1/2 cup of coconut that goes on the top layer."
" Doughnut:  In a medium bowl, combine warm evaporated milk and yeast. Stir in butter and sugar. Add eggs, flour, salt and cinnamon. Stir just until flour is incorporated.  Beat dough until well combined, about 5 minutes. Dough will still be sticky.   Transfer dough to a well floured surface and with floured hands, knead until it forms a loose ball. Place in a large greased bowl, cover and let rise in a warm place until it doubles in size, about 1 hour. Line baking sheets with Reynolds  Parchment Paper.   Punch down dough and roll it out 1/2  degrees  (1.3 cm) thick on lightly floured surface. Cut out doughnuts using a 2 1/2  degrees  (6 cm) round cookie cutter.   Transfer to prepared baking sheets. Cover with a kitchen towel and let rise another 30 minutes. Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190  degrees C).   Bake doughnuts, 10-12 minutes or until bottoms are golden. Remove from oven and let cool, 1-2 minutes.
Topping: In a medium bowl, mix sugar and cinnamon. Brush each doughnut with melted butter then toss into the sugar mixture to coat.  Filling: Fill a piping bag fitted with a round tip with fruit spread. Insert into doughnut and squeeze."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (180  degrees C). Line mini muffin cups with paper cups. Crust:
In a medium bowl, blend flour, icing sugar, cocoa powder, and salt. Using a pastry blender or your fingers, work in shortening until coarse crumbs form. Press 1 tsp  of crust mixture into the bottom of each prepared muffin cup.   Bake 8 minutes. Cool.
Filling:
Using an electric mixer, whip peanut butter until light and creamy, about 2 minutes. Beat in sweetened condensed milk.   Top crust with slightly less than 1 tbsp (15 mL) of peanut butter mixture. Topping:  Squeeze chocolate topping over peanut butter mixture and sprinkle with chopped peanuts. Freeze 2 hours or until firm. Serve frozen."
"Set aside and refrigerate 1/2 cup whipped topping for garnish. In a large bowl, whisk the root beer, milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes. Fold in half the remaining whipped topping. Spread into graham cracker crust.  Spread remaining whipped topping over pie. Freeze for at least 8 hours or overnight.   Dollop reserved whipped topping over each serving; top with a maraschino cherry if desired."
"Preheat oven to 375  degrees F.   Grease a 12-cup mu n pan or line with
paper liners.
TOPPING: Mix topping ingredients in a small bowl. Reserve.
MUFFIN: Combine fl our, baking powder, baking soda and salt in a large  bowl. In a separate large bowl, whisk buttermilk, brown sugar, oil and egg. Stir  into dry ingredients. Stir in blueberries.  Spoon batter into prepared mu n pan. Sprinkle with reserved topping.Bake in preheated oven, 22-25 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in centre
of mu n comes out clean. Cool on wire cooling rack. If using frozen blueberries, do not defrost. Use them directly from the freezer."
"Preheat oven to 300  degrees F (150  degrees C). Grease a 10  degrees  x 15  degrees  baking pan and line with parchment paper, overlapping two sides for easy removal.
SHORTBREAD: Cream butter in a large bowl of an electric mixer on
medium-high speed until very light in texture, about 5 minutes. Add sugar and continue beating until sugar is completely combined, about 2-3 minutes.  Combine fl our and corn starch in a separate large bowl. Add to butter mixture on low speed until well combined.  Press dough evenly into prepared pan. Bake in preheated oven, 45-50 minutes.
TOPPING: As soon as shortbread is removed from oven, immediately
sprinkle chocolate chips over hot crust. Wait 10 minutes for chocolate to melt and spread evenly over crust. Sprinkle with chopped candies.
Refrigerate until chocolate has set. Cut into 1  degrees  x 2  degrees  bars.
For a nutty twist, try substituting candy with chopped nuts."
"Drizzle honey and 1 tablespoon melted butter in bottom of graham cracker crust.  In a medium bowl, beat sweetened condensed milk, lemon juice, sugar, egg yolks and remaining butter until blended. Pour into pie crust; bake at 350  degrees  for 20 minutes.  Meanwhile, in a small bowl, beat egg whites and cream of tartar until frothy. Add vanilla; gradually beat in sugar 1 tablespoon at a time, on high until stiff glossy peaks form and sugar is dissolved. Spread evenly over hot filling, sealing edges to crust. Bake until meringue is golden brown, about 15 minutes. Cool on a wire rack for 1 hour. Refrigerate at least 3 hours before serving. Refrigerate leftovers."
" In a saucepan over medium heat, melt chocolate chips with milk and salt; cook and stir until thickened, about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat; set aside. Combine wafer crumbs and butter; set aside 1 cup. Press remaining crumbs into a greased 13-in. x 9-in. pan. Chill for 10-15 minutes. Pour chocolate over crumbs. Cover and freeze for 10-15 minutes or until firm. Spread the ice cream over chocolate. Sprinkle with reserved crumbs. Freeze at least 2 hours before serving."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Coat a 9x5-in. loaf pan with cooking spray.  In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar until crumbly. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in oil, lemon juice, zest, vanilla and, if desired, poppy seeds. In another bowl, whisk flour, baking powder and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with yogurt, beating after each addition just until combined.  Transfer to prepared pan. Bake 50-60 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool in pan 10 minutes before removing to a wire rack to cool completely. If desired, top with candied lemon slices.
Candied Lemon Slices: Bring 3/4 cup sugar and 3/4 cup water to a boil; stir until sugar is dissolved, about 3 minutes. Add 1 thinly sliced lemon and simmer 5-7 minutes or until tender. Drain and cool slices completely on a wire rack."
"In a food processor, combine the flour, confectioners' sugar, and lemon and orange zest. Add butter; cover and process until mixture forms a ball.  Pat into a greased 13x9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  until set and the edges are lightly browned, 12-14 minutes.  In a large bowl, combine all the filling ingredients. Pour over hot crust. Bake until set and lightly browned, 14-16 minutes. In a small bowl, combine topping ingredients. Spread over filling.  Bake until topping is set, 7-9 minutes longer. Cool on a wire rack. Refrigerate overnight. Cut into bars just before serving. Store in the refrigerator."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (180  degrees C). Grease and line a 9  degrees  x 9  degrees  (23 cm x 23 cm).  baking dish with parchment paper, overlapping 2 sides for easy removal.
COOKIE DOUGH: Beat butter and sugars until well combined. Add egg and vanilla, beat well. Add flour, baking powder and salt, beating just until dough comes together. Press dough evenly into prepared baking dish.
CHEESECAKE: Remove 1/3 cup (75 mL) chocolate flavoured sauce. Set aside. Beat cream cheese, remaining chocolate flavoured sauce, egg, flour and vanilla until smooth. Pour cream cheese mixture over base. Drizzle remaining chocolate flavoured sauce over mixture.  Bake in preheated oven, 28-30 minutes or until top of cheesecake is firm
to the touch. Cool on wire cooling rack for 1-2 hours. Cover and continue  chilling in refrigerator at least 4 hours or overnight. Cut into squares.
Most of the chocolate flavoured sauce that was drizzled on the top will sink in and create a layer of sauce between the crust and the heesecake topping."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F (180  degrees C). Grease an 8" square (20 cm square)
baking dish.
BATTER: Sift fl our, sugar, cocoa, baking powder and salt in medium mixing bowl. Stir in evaporated milk, egg, butter and vanilla. Spread in prepared baking dish.
SAUCE: Whisk together sugars, cocoa and hot evaporated milk. Pour milk mixture over batter.  Bake in preheated oven 22-25 minutes. Center will be very saucy. Cool on wire cooling rack 30 minutes before serving. Serve with whipped cream or ice cream.  Sauce will sink to bottom as it bakes."
"Preheat oven to 300  degrees F (150  degrees C). Line baking sheet with parchment paper.  Combine caramel fl avoured sauce and salt in a small saucepan. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently. Continue cooking for 1 minute and remove from heat.  Place popcorn in a large bowl. Pour hot caramel mixture over popcorn.  Stir to coat.  Transfer to prepared baking sheet and arrange in a single layer.  Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes. Let cool completely in pan on wire cooling rack and break into pieces.
It takes approximately 1/2 cup of kernels to make 10 cups of popped popcorn."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a large bowl, combine eggs, cream, sugar and vanilla. Stir in blueberries and baking chips. Stir in bread cubes; let stand until bread is softened, about 15 minutes.  Transfer to a greased 13x9-in. baking dish. Bake, uncovered, until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 50-60 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.  For sauce, place baking chips in a small bowl. In a small saucepan, bring cream just to a boil. Pour over baking chips; whisk until smooth. Serve with bread pudding."
"Preheat oven to 375  degrees F.   Line a standard 11  degrees x17  degrees  jelly-roll pan (rimmed baking sheet) with parchment paper; spray paper generously with nonstick baking spray. Set pan aside.  Using an electric mixer, beat the eggs and vanilla together on high speed for 4-5 minutes, or until mixture turns foamy and lemon yellow in color. Add sugar to the bowl in (3) separate   degrees -cup additions, mixing for 1 full minute after each addition. Add oil and mix until well combined.  In a separate bowl, combine flour, baking powder and salt. Fold flour mixture into the egg mixture until just combined.  Pour batter into prepared baking pan. (Tip: Spread batter evenly to edges using an offset spatula.) Tap pan on counter several times to remove air bubbles.  Bake for 10-12 minutes, or until lightly browned on top. While cake is baking, lay a large, thin kitchen cloth on counter. Sprinkle powdered sugar generously on top of cloth.  Once baked, immediately turn hot cake out onto the powdered sugar-dusted cloth. Remove and discard parchment paper. Starting with a short end of the cake, roll up cake (and cloth). Let rolled cake cool completely (1-2 hours) before continuing.
For the Whipped Cream Frosting
Dice 3/4 of the strawberries; set aside.  Using an electric mixer, beat together cream cheese, butter and sugar until smooth (~3-4 minutes on medium-high speed).  Add vanilla extract and whipping cream; beat on high until stiff peaks form.  Carefully unroll cake and spread frosting evenly on top of cake. (Tip: Make sure to frost all the way to the edges.) Sprinkle diced strawberries on top of frosting. Roll cake back up (this time without the towel). Wrap cake roll in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 1 hour.  Prior to serving, remove cake roll from refrigerator and dust top generously with powdered sugar. (I used a fine-meshed sieve to dust the powdered sugar evenly.)   Slice remaining berries and place on top of cake roll."
"Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C).  Beat the butter or margarine in a large mixing bowl at medium speed until very creamy. Gradually add the 1/2 cup confectioners' sugar, beating until light and fluffy.  Combine the flour, nuts and salt add to the butter mixture and beat until just blended. Stir in the rum extract. Shape cookies into 1inch balls and place on ungreased cookie sheets. Flatten cookies down.
4.Bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 12 to 15 minutes. When cool spread with Rum Glaze.
Rum Glaze: Combine the 3/4 cup confectioners' sugar, milk and 1/8 teaspoon rum extract. Stir until smooth."
"Preheat oven to 350. Grease a 9  degrees 13-inch baking dish.  Combine butter, mustard, Worcestershire sauce, brown sugar, poppy seeds, and dried onion.  Slice the rolls to make sandwiches. Remove tops and set aside.
Place the bottom pieces into the prepared baking dish.  Layer the ham onto the rolls. Top the ham with the Swiss cheese.  Place the tops of the rolls onto the sandwiches. Brush or pour the liquid mixture evenly over the rolls.  Bake 20 minutes or until the rolls are lightly browned and cheese has melted.  Separate into individual sandwiches to serve."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a large bowl, combine crumbs, sugar and cinnamon; stir in butter. Press into an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. In a large bowl, beat cream cheese until smooth. Beat in sugar and eggs until fluffy. Pour over crust. Bake 15-20 minutes or until set. Cool on a wire rack.
In the top of a double boiler or a metal bowl over simmering water, combine pumpkin, egg yolks, 1/2 cup sugar, milk, cinnamon and salt. Cook and stir over low heat until a thermometer reads 160  degrees ; remove from heat. Transfer to a large bowl; wipe out double boiler.
In a small saucepan, sprinkle gelatin over cold water; let stand 1 minute. Heat over low heat, stirring until gelatin is completely dissolved. Stir into pumpkin mixture; cool.
In the double boiler, whisk egg whites and remaining sugar over low heat until temperature reaches 160  degrees . Remove from heat; using a mixer, beat until stiff glossy peaks form and sugar is dissolved. Fold into pumpkin mixture. Pour over cream cheese layer. Cover and refrigerate for at least 4 hours or until set.
Just before serving, in a large bowl, beat cream until it begins to thicken. Add sugar and vanilla; beat until stiff peaks form. Spread over pumpkin layer."
"In a 4- to 5-qt. slow cooker, combine the milk, tapioca, sugar and salt. cover and cook on low for 4-5 hours.   In a large bowl, beat the eggs; stir in a small amount of hot tapioca mixture. Return all to the slow cooker, stirring to combine. Cover and cook 30 minutes longer or until a thermometer reads 160  degrees . Stir in vanilla.  Serve with strawberries and whipped cream if desired."
"In a large saucepan, combine the first 5 ingredients. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook and stir 3 minutes.   Remove from heat; stir in peanut butter and vanilla until blended. Stir in oats. Drop mixture by tablespoonfuls onto waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate until set. Store in airtight containers."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Cream peanut butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla.  Roll into 1-1/4-in. balls. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake until tops are slightly cracked, 10-12 minutes. Immediately press 1 chocolate kiss into center of each cookie. Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks."
"In a small bowl, combine 1 package flavored gelatin and 1 envelope unflavored gelatin. Stir in 1 cup boiling water until dissolved. Pour into a 13x9-in. dish coated with cooking spray; refrigerate until set but not firm, about 20 minutes.  In small bowl, combine the condensed milk and 1 cup boiling water. In another bowl, sprinkle 2 envelopes unflavored gelatin over cold water; let stand for 1 minute. Stir in 3/4 cup boiling water. Add to milk mixture. Spoon 1 cup of the creamy gelatin mixture over the first flavored gelatin layer. Refrigerate until set but not firm, about 25 minutes.  Repeat from beginning of recipe twice alternating flavored gelatin with creamy gelatin layers. Chill each layer until set but not firm before spooning next layer on top. Make final flavored gelatin; spoon over top. Refrigerate for at least 1 hour after completing last layer before cutting into 1-in. squares."
"In a small saucepan, melt chocolate chips with water; stir until smooth. Stir a small amount of hot chocolate mixture into egg yolk; return all to the pan, stirring constantly. Cook and stir for 2 minutes or until slightly thickened. Remove from the heat; stir in vanilla. Quickly transfer to a small bowl. Stir occasionally until completely cooled.  In a small bowl, beat whipping cream until it begins to thicken. Add sugar; beat until soft peaks form. Fold into cooled chocolate mixture. Cover and refrigerate for at least 2 hours. If desired, garnish with whipped cream and raspberries."
"Whisk 1-1/3 cups milk and vanilla pudding mix 2 minutes. Spread into crust.  In another bowl, whisk 1-1/3 cups milk and butterscotch pudding mix 2 minutes. Carefully spoon over vanilla layer, spreading evenly.  In a third bowl, whisk remaining 1-1/3 cups milk and chocolate pudding mix 2 minutes. Carefully spread over top. Refrigerate until set, at least 30 minutes. If desired, serve with whipped topping and pecans."
"In a large saucepan over medium heat, bring the water, butter and salt to a boil. Add flour all at once and stir until a smooth ball forms. Continue beating until smooth and shiny. Remove from the heat; let stand for 5 minutes. Add 1 egg at a time, beating well after each addition.  Pour into a greased 15x10x1-in. baking pan. Bake at 400  degrees  until puffed and golden brown, 28-30 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.
For filling, in a large bowl, beat the cream cheese, milk and pudding mixes until smooth. Spread over the crust; refrigerate for 20 minutes. Spread whipped topping over filling. Store in the refrigerator. Just before serving, drizzle with chocolate syrup."
"Melt the ingredients together until smooth,Add 3 Cups Gumdrops  Gently stir the mixture and pread in a parchment paper lined pan .  It should be kept in the refrigerator for full day and Cut in squares .
Note : Should be kept in fridge"
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.   Prepare an 8 X 8-inch baking dish by spraying it with cooking spray.  In a small bowl, combine the ngredients for the crust:  graham cracker crumbs, brown sugar, and melted butter, and mix well with a fork.  Place crust mixture into prepared baking dish, pressing down gently with your fingers.  In the  bowl of an electric mixer, beat the cream cheese until soft and smooth, about 2 minutes.  Add the sugar, egg and vanilla and beat until smooth and thoroughly combined.  our over crust, spreading evenly.  In a medium bowl, combine ingredients for the apple layer: brown sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg and cloves. Mix well.  Peel, core and dice the apple into small pieces. Add to dry ingredients and toss to coat.  Distribute evenly over the cheesecake layer in the baking dish.  In another medium bowl, combine ingredients for streusel topping: brown sugar, flour, oats, cinnamon, and melted butter. Mix welll until a coarse meal is formed. Sprinkle evenly over apple layer.  Bake for 30-40 minutes until streusel is golden.  Transfer baking dish to a wire rack to cool to room temperature and then refrigerate for an hour or more to set.  For the caramel drizzle, in a microwavable bowl, melt the caramels on increments of 30 seconds, until smooth, stirring in between. Allow to cool slightly and stir in the heavy cream.  Drizzle with homemade caramel sauce or caramel sundae sauce topping before serving."
"In a bowl, beat butter and confectioners' sugar until blended. Beat in lemon juice. In a small bowl, whisk flour and cornstarch; gradually beat into butter mixture. Divide dough in half; shape each into an 8-in.-long roll. Wrap in plastic; refrigerate 2 hours or until firm.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Unwrap and cut dough crosswise into 1/4-in. slices. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake 8-12 minutes or until firm. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool completely.  For frosting, in a small bowl, beat butter and confectioners' sugar until smooth. Beat in lemon zest, lemon juice and, if desired, food coloring. Spread over cookies."
"In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and milk until smooth. Beat in lemonade concentrate. Fold in whipped topping and, if desired, food coloring. Pour into crust. Cover and refrigerate until set."
"Preheat oven to 350F. Line an 8-by-8-inch baking pan with aluminum foil, spray with cooking spray; set aside.
Bars   degrees   In a large, microwave-safe bowl add the white chocolate, butter, and heat to melt, about 2 minutes on high power. Stop to check and stir after 1 minute, and then heat in 20-second bursts, stopping to stir after each burst, until mixture can be stirred smooth. White chocolate is very prone to scorching and seizing up, so watch it carefully and don  degrees t overheat.  Wait momentarily before adding the eggs so you don  degrees t scramble them. Add the eggs, granulated sugar, lemon juice, and whisk until combined.  Add the flour, optional salt, and stir until just combined; don  degrees t overmix.  Turn batter out into prepared pan, smoothing the top lightly with a spatula.  Bake for about 27 to 28 minutes, or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out mostly clean, or with a few moist crumbs, but no batter; set aside and make the glaze.
Glaze   degrees  In a medium bowl, add 2 cup confectioners  degrees  sugar, 1/3 cup lemon juice, and whisk until smooth. As necessary, add additional lemon juice (or sugar) to reach desired glaze consistency. I used slightly over 1/3 cup lemon juice. Glaze should be fairly thin and easily pourable.
Evenly pour glaze over bars, smoothing it lightly with a spatula if necessary, but glaze will likely just slide into place.  Evenly sprinkle with lemon zest.  Allow bars to cool in pan uncovered for at least 2 to 3 hours, (or overnight and cover with a sheet of foil) before slicing and serving so glaze can set up. Bars will keep airtight at room temperature for up to 1 week, or in the freezer for up to 6 months."
"In a large bowl, cream the butter, cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolk and extracts. Combine the flour, salt and baking soda; gradually add to creamed mixture and mix well. Cover and refrigerate for 3 hours or until easy to handle.  On a lightly floured surface, roll out dough to 1/8-in. thickness. Cut with a floured 2-1/2-in. cookie cutter. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 375  degrees  for 8-10 minutes or until edges begin to brown. Cool for 2 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks. Decorate as desired"
"Beat egg whites
In a large bowl, combine egg whites with cream of tartar and beat until foamy. You can do this with a stand or hand mixer on medium. Try not to overbeat the eggs at this point or they  degrees ll have a harder time combining with your sugar. Once the whites are foamy, kind of like soap bubbles, stop.  Slowly add the sugar.  Gradually add the sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time. Beat well after each addition to combine.
Test Kitchen tip: Once the sugar has been added, you can stop worrying about overbeating.  Beat until stiff peaks form.  Continue beating until stiff glossy peaks form. How can you tell it  degrees s right? Test by lifting the beater from the bowl. The peaks of the egg whites that rise as you lift should stand straight up, and the ones on the beaters should stick out too. Also, if you tilt the bowl, the whites should not slide. You shouldn  degrees t see any clear watery egg at the bottom. Double check to make sure the sugar is dissolved. Pinch some meringue between your fingers. It should feel silky smooth to the touch.  Test Kitchen tip: Once you stop whipping the egg whites, it  degrees s best to move quickly. The longer they sit before they get to the oven, the more they will sink and sag.

Now that you have fluffy meringue, check out some of our favorite recipes:
  degrees Pavlova: The meringue creates the base for this fancy dessert. Top with fresh strawberries, blueberries and kiwi.
  degrees Cookies: Pipe the meringue into 1-inch drops and bake for sugary-sweet bites.
  degrees Pie: Top your lemon or any other citrus-y pie filling with clouds of newly whipped meringue and bake for a golden topping.
ou can continue whipping the meringue for a long time, even if that means stepping away from your stand mixer for a few minutes."
"In a large bowl, whisk the pudding mixes, milk and extract for 2 minutes. Fold in whipped topping and 1/2 cup coconut.  Pour into the crust. Sprinkle with toasted coconut. Chill until serving.
Notes:
If you prefer the flavor, use sweetened whipped cream instead of whipped topping.
No coconut extract on hand? Use coconut pudding mix instead of vanilla.
For an equally simple banana cream pie, substitute banana pudding mix for the vanilla and fold in a sliced banana."
"Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Place first four ingredients in a large saucepan; bring to a boil over medium heat, stirring constantly. Transfer to a greased 1-1/2-qt. baking dish.  Bake, covered, 45 minutes, stirring every 15 minutes. Stir in raisins and vanilla; bake, covered, until rice is tender, about 15 minutes. If desired, sprinkle with cinnamon. Serve warm or refrigerate and serve cold.
NOTES:
Want super creamy rice pudding? Add an egg yolk or two. To avoid scrambling your eggs, remove a small amount of the hot mixture and whisk it into the yolk, then add all of it back into the dish. Make sure a thermometer inserted in the pudding reads 160 degrees; that means the yolk has cooked long enough to be safely eaten.
 For a decadent treat, substitute dried cherries for the raisins and add a swirl of chocolate syrup."
"1.In a large pot over a medium heat, add ground beef, onions, garlic, salt, pepper, worcestershire sauce, and ketchup. Break up the beef to incorporate the seasonings and cook until browned.  Pour in the beef broth and bring to a simmer.  Add the pasta and simmer for 20 minutes or until the pasta is cooked throughout and the broth has cooked down.  Pour in the milk and cheese. Stir until the cheese has melted.  Serve garnished with some sliced green onions"
" In a food processor, combine the flour, confectioners' sugar, and lemon and orange zest. Add butter; cover and process until mixture forms a ball.  Pat into a greased 13x9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  until set and the edges are lightly browned, 12-14 minutes.  In a large bowl, combine all the filling ingredients. Pour over hot crust. Bake until set and lightly browned, 14-16 minutes. In a small bowl, combine topping ingredients. Spread over filling.  Bake until topping is set, 7-9 minutes longer. Cool on a wire rack. Refrigerate overnight. Cut into bars just before serving. Store in the refrigerator."
"Choux batter :
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees  and line two sheet skillet with a parchment paper. In a  pot mix  water with salt and bring to a boil. Add butter and bring to a boil one more time. Add flour and whisk lively  about 1 minute.   Remove pot from the heat and let the batter cool . whip in the first egg  until the mixture is combined , continue whipping in the remaining eggs  Using a pastry bag fitted ,bake for 14 min . Until eclairs are light brown . Take it out of the oven and let it cool
Pastry cream :
In a small bowl dissolve cornstarch  in milk. To a small another bowl  add the remaining milk and bring it to a simmer. Add sugar and stir until sugar dissolves.  When heated up add dissolved cornstarch and whisk until no lumps remain . Remove from the heat and cool until just a little warm In a large pot beat the butter with the remaining  of sugar and vanilla  until the mixture turns almost white .  Mix well the whipped butter with the milk and cornstarch mixture . In a large pot and using the electric mixer, beat the thick flogging cream until soft peaks form. Fold whipped cream into the butter and milk cream .  Cut small piences along all sweets with a knife and place a pastry cream in every hole .
Chocolate glaze :
Melt the chocolate chips and heavy whipping cream in a medium pot  of boiling water. Whisk until the mixture is  sleek .  Remove from the heat and cool for a minute ; Dip the top of every  eclair into the chocolate glaze ."
"Preheat oven to 375  degrees . On a lightly floured surface, roll dough to a 12-in. circle. Press onto bottom and up sides of an ungreased 11-in. tart pan with removable bottom. Sprinkle with chocolate chips.  Beat eggs, corn syrup, sugar, butter, bourbon and salt. Stir in pecans. Pour over chocolate chips. Bake until center is just set and crust is golden brown, 30-35 minutes.  Cool on a wire rack. Cut into slices. Serve with caramel topping."
"Preheat oven to 325  degrees . Cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, beating well after each addition. Beat in extract. In a small bowl, combine rum and milk. In a large bowl, whisk flour, pudding mix, cornstarch, baking powder and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with rum mixture, beating well after each addition.  Transfer to a greased and floured 10-in. fluted tube pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, about 1 hour. Cool 10 minutes. Remove from pan briefly to prevent sticking; replace in pan. Cool on wire rack.  Meanwhile, for syrup, heat butter, water, sugar and salt in a small saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; add rum and extract.
Using a small skewer, poke holes in cake. Slowly pour syrup over cake until it's all absorbed. Cover; let stand overnight."
" Line a 9-in. square pan with foil. Greased the foil with 1/2 tablespoon butter and set aside. Butter the sides of a large heavy saucepan with 1/2 tablespoon butter. Cut remaining butter into small pieces and place in a large heat-proof bowl; add marshmallows and set aside.  In the buttered saucepan, combine sugar and cream. Cook and stir over medium heat until mixture comes to a boil. Cover and cook for 2 minutes to dissolve any sugar crystals. Uncover; cook over medium heat, without stirring, until a candy thermometer reads 234  degrees  (soft-ball stage).  Remove from the heat. Pour over butter and marshmallows; stir until melted. Add the chocolate. Continue stirring until chocolate and mixture is smooth. Stir in vanilla and nuts. Pour into prepared pan. Refrigerate until firm. Lift out of pan; remove foil and cut into 1-in. squares. Store in an airtight container at room temperature."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees , cook the macaroni , drain and put in a alrge bowl add the sour cream blend together and add the crab meat ,andgreen onion and combine well.  Set it aside.  Grate cheddar cheese and mozzarella cheese , melt butter in a skillet add the shrimp turn until cooked finaly add the shrimp to the macaroni mixture .  Add onions to the skillet until tender and spread flour over onions and combine well until cooked , add milk stirring constantly; add cheddar cheese until cheese melts .  Pour cheese mixture over the seafood mixture and stir  until combined , add salt and pepper and put the mixture in baking dish sprinkle mozzarella cheese and bread crumbs with paprika . Bake at 350 degrees abour 26 min ."
"In a skillet put broth, garlic,chicken breasts and onion ; cover & simmer about 21 min .  Remove the chicken, cut it with a fork and set it aside.  Melt the butter and pour in a bowl and beat with a fork to combined . Spread half the mixture and butter in a large casserole plate .  Combine the soup / sour cream and broth with a wire beat . Put shredded chicken over the layer of stuffing mix ; & pour the soup mixture over the chicken , bake for 31 min in the oven ."
" In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Gradually stir in flour and mix well. Turn onto a lightly floured surface and knead until smooth, about 3 minutes. Pat into a 1/3-in.-thick rectangle measuring 11 in. x 8 in.   Cut into 2-in. x 1-in. strips. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Prick with a fork.  Bake at 300  degrees  for 25 minutes or until bottoms are lightly browned. Cool for 5 minutes before removing from pan to a wire rack."
" Cook macaroni according to package directions; drain. Place in a 5-qt. slow cooker; add butter. In a large bowl, mix 3 cups cheese, evaporated milk, condensed soup, 2% milk and eggs. Pour over macaroni mixture; stir to combine. Cook, covered, on low for 3-1/2 to 4 hours or until a thermometer reads at least 160  degrees .  Sprinkle with remaining cheese. Cook, covered, on low until cheese is melted, 15-20 minutes longer. Sprinkle with paprika."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.  Place half of the Ritz crackers on a baking sheet face side down, and top each one with a Rolo candy.
Bake for 3-5 minutes, until chocolate is soft and not melted.  Remove from the oven and immediately top with remaining crackers, and press down to create a sandwich.  Cool ccompletely."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Line a 13x9-in. baking pan with parchment, letting ends extend over sides by 1 in.   In a large bowl, cream butter and brown sugar until light and fluffy, 5-7 minutes. Beat in eggs and vanilla. In another bowl, whisk flour, baking powder and salt; gradually beat into creamed mixture. Spread onto bottom of prepared pan.   In a small bowl, mix sugar and cinnamon; sprinkle 2 tablespoons mixture over batter. Bake until edges are light brown, 25-30 minutes. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.  Spread dulce de leche over crust. In a small saucepan, combine white baking chocolate, cream and corn syrup; cook and stir over low heat until smooth. Cool slightly. Spread over dulce de leche. Sprinkle with remaining cinnamon sugar.   Refrigerate, covered, at least 1 hour.
5. Lifting with parchment, remove from pan. Cut into bars. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Place 2 cups flour and salt in a food processor; pulse until blended. Add 1 cup butter; pulse until butter is the size of peas. While pulsing, add just enough ice water to form moist crumbs. Press mixture onto bottom of a greased 13x9-in. baking pan. Bake until edges are lightly browned, 20-25 minutes. Cool on a wire rack.  In a large bowl, combine apples, 1 cup sugar and cinnamon; toss to coat. Spoon over crust. Place remaining flour, butter and sugar in food processor; pulse until coarse crumbs form. Sprinkle over apples. Bake until golden brown and apples are tender, 60-70 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack. Cut into bars."
"Spread half of the crackers with peanut butter. Spread remaining crackers with marshmallow creme; place creme side down over peanut butter crackers, forming a sandwich.  Dip sandwiches in melted candy coating, allowing excess to drip off. Place on waxed paper-lined pans; refrigerate for 15 minutes or until set. If desired, drizzle with additional candy coating and decorate with sprinkles. Store in an airtight container."
"In a large saucepan, combine sugar, butter, milk and cocoa. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook and stir 3 minutes.  Remove from heat; stir in peanut butter and extracts until blended. Stir in oats and cherries. Drop mixture by tablespoonfuls onto waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate until set. Store in airtight containers."
"In a Slow Cooker, mix the chicken, crushed pineapple, brown sugar, and soy sauce together.  Cook on low heat for 6 to 7 hours.  Serve it with cooked rice or noodles and some veggies."
"Dissolve sugar in warm water. Add yeast and let proof. Mix oil into yeast mixture once proofed. Mix flour and salt in separate bowl.
Add dry mixture to wet mixture one cup at a time and stir / mix until soft dough forms.  Knead for 3-5 minutes.   Place in oiled bowl, turn over to coat both sides. Let rise one hour.  Punch down, shape into loaves. Place into greased bread pans. Let rise 30-40 minutes.  Bake at 350 for approx 30 minutes. Brush tops with butter while warm."
"Pour butter into a 13-in. x 9-in. baking pan. Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over butter. Place potatoes with cut sides down over cheese. Bake, uncovered, at 400  degrees  for 40-45 minutes or until tender."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Line a 13x9-in. baking pan with foil, letting ends extend up sides; coat foil with cooking spray.  Microwave butter, sugar and water on high just until mixture comes to a boil, 3-4 minutes; stir until blended. Stir in chocolate chips until melted. Whisk in eggs, one at a time, and vanilla until blended. Stir in flour and baking powder.  Spread into prepared pan. Bake until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean, 18-20 minutes. Cool 30 minutes.  For topping, combine sugar, butter and milk in a large saucepan; bring to a boil, stirring constantly, over medium heat. Boil 5 minutes, stirring frequently. Stir in marshmallow creme, 1/4 cup peanut butter and vanilla; pour over brownies. Sprinkle with 2 cups peanuts.    In a small saucepan, combine caramels and water; cook, stirring, over medium-high heat until blended. Pour over peanuts.   Microwave chocolate chips on high until softened, about 1 minute. Stir in remaining peanut butter until smooth; pour over caramel layer. Chop remaining peanuts; sprinkle on top. Refrigerate at least 1 hour.  Lifting with foil, remove brownies from pan. Cut into bars. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator."
"In a mixing bowl, cream the butter, sugar and vanilla; mix well. Combine the flour and salt; add to creamed mixture. Stir in pecans. Chill. Roll into 1-inch balls and place on ungreased baking sheets. Bake at 350  degrees  for 10-12 minutes. Roll in confectioners' sugar while still warm. Cool; roll in sugar again."
"Combine first four ingredients in large bowl.  Add maple syrup, bourbon, and vanilla.   Use your hands to make sure all the ingredients are mixed thoroughly. Almond extract can be subbed for non-alcohol version... add water to equal liquid amount. You can also try non-alcohol rum flavoring.  Form balls by scooping a tablespoon size amount of mixture.  Roll in hands to form balls.  Place balls on cookie sheet lined with parchment paper. Place cookie sheet in the freezer for 2 hrs.

Tip: After all balls are made, roll balls again with slightly water damped hands. This will make balls smooth before dipping in chocolate.

Melt chocolate bark in a double boiler or microwave per directions on package.  Dip frozen balls into chocolate.  Then place on the parchment paper lined cookie sheet
Optional: Sprinkle a few grains of coarse sea salt on balls before the chocolate sets.
These freeze well. Take out of the freezer and let sit for 15 minutes."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . In a large bowl, mix flour, sugar and salt; cut in cold butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press into a greased 15x10x1-in. baking pan. Bake 20 minutes.  For filling, in a large bowl, whisk eggs, corn syrup, sugar, melted butter and vanilla. Stir in pecans. Spread over hot crust.  Bake 25-30 minutes longer or until filling is set. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Cut into bars.
For a delicious treat, scatter a handful of mini chocolate chips over the crust before adding the pecan mixture."
"In a large bowl, dissolve yeast in warm water. Add the milk, shortening, eggs, sugar, salt and 3 cups flour. Beat until smooth. Stir in enough remaining flour to form a soft dough.  Turn onto a floured surface; knead until smooth and elastic, about 6-8 minutes (dough will be sticky). Place in a greased bowl, turning once to grease top. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled, about 1 hour.  Punch dough down. Turn onto a lightly floured surface; divide into 24 pieces. Shape each into a roll. Place 2 in. apart on greased baking sheets. Cover and let rise until doubled, about 30 minutes.  Bake at 350  degrees  for 20-25 minutes or until golden brown. Remove to wire racks."
"In a small bowl, beat cream cheese and marshmallow creme until fluffy. Fold in pineapple and coconut. Cover and chill until serving. Serve with fruit, pound cake or both."
"In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and extract until smooth. Gradually beat in as much confectioners' sugar as possible.  Turn onto a work surface dusted with confectioners' sugar; knead in remaining confectioners' sugar until smooth and sugar is absorbed (mixture will be stiff). Divide mixture in half. Using food coloring, tint one portion pink and the other portion light green, kneading until blended.
Divide each portion in half; shape each half into a 10-in. log to make two pink logs and two green logs. Place one log on a 12-in. piece of waxed paper lightly dusted with confectioners' sugar. Flatten log slightly; cover with a second piece of waxed paper. Roll out candy mixture into a 12-in. x 5-in. rectangle. Repeat with remaining logs.
Remove top sheet of waxed paper from one pink and one green rectangle. Place one rectangle over the other. Roll up jelly-roll style, starting with a long side. Wrap in waxed paper; twist ends. Repeat with remaining rectangles. Chill overnight.    To serve, cut candy into 1/2-in. slices. Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to 1 week."
"In a large kettle, cook potatoes in boiling salted water until tender. Drain and cool. Peel potatoes; cut into chunks. Separate egg yolks from whites. Set yolks aside. Chop whites and add to potatoes with onion.  In a small bowl, mash yolks. Stir in mayonnaise, milk, vinegar, mustard, sugar, salt and pepper. Pour over potatoes; toss well. Adjust seasonings if necessary. Spoon into a serving bowl. Garnish with egg slices and paprika. Chill until serving.

To prevent potatoes from mushing out and losing their shape, add a small amount of vinegar to their cooking water: 1/2 teaspoon is plenty."
"Prepare a baking sheet with parchment paper and set aside.  In a medium pot, mix together the peanut butter, butter, vanilla, and 1 cup powdered sugar over medium heat.  Heat until completely melted and beginning to bubble, stirring constantly, then remove from heat.  Add the remaining powdered sugar a little at a time, stirring after each addition, until completely combined, then set aside and allow to cool to room temperature.  Once mixture has cooled, sprinkle a little bit of powdered sugar on a flat work surface and roll out the peanut butter mixture until 1/4 inch thick. Cut out bats from the peanut butter mixture using the cookie cutter, then place on the lined baking sheet.
Once all bats have been cut out and placed on the baking sheet, freeze 1 hour, or until they are solid.  Melt chocolate in the microwave on 30-second intervals, stirring in between, until fully melted and smooth.
Using a fork if desired, dunk each bat in the melted chocolate, then place back onto the lined baking sheet.  Place back into the freezer to set the chocolate, about 30 minutes-1 hour/"
"In a bowl, combine the flour and sugar; cut in butter until the mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Press into a greased 13x9-in. baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 10 minutes.   Meanwhile, for filling, combine sugar and flour in a bowl. Whisk in cream and eggs. Stir in the rhubarb. Pour over crust. Bake at 350  degrees  until custard is set, 40-45 minutes. Cool.  For topping, beat cream cheese, sugar and vanilla until smooth; fold in whipped cream. Spread over top. Cover and chill. Cut into bars.  degrees

Heavy whipping cream gives custard fillings a luscious, decadent texture, but half-and-half cream or whole milk can be substituted with nice results.
 If you prefer your bars on the tart side, bump up the rhubarb to 6 or 6-1/2 cups or reduce the sugar in the filling to 1-1/2 cups."
"In a mixing bowl, beat sugar, eggs and vanilla. Add butter; mix well. Combine dry ingredients; add to batter and mix well.  Pour into a greased 8-in. square baking pan. Bake at 350  degrees  for 25-30 minutes or until brownies test done with a wooden pick. Cool in pan on a wire rack.  For frosting, combine butter, cocoa, water and coffee; mix well. Gradually stir in sugar until smooth, adding additional warm water if necessary to achieve a spreading consistency. Frost the brownies."
"If scallops are frozen, thaw in cold water. Remove the side muscle from the scallops if attached. Thoroughly pat dry with paper towels.  Heat olive oil in a large pan or skillet over medium-high heat until hot and sizzling. Add the scallops in a single layer without over crowding the pan (work in batches if needed).  Season with salt and pepper to taste and fry for 2-3 minutes on one side (until a golden crust forms underneath), then flip and fry again for 2 minutes until crisp, lightly browned and cooked through (opaque). Remove from skillet and transfer to a plate.  Melt 2 tablespoons of butter in the same pan, scraping up any browned bits left over from the scallops. Add in the garlic and cook until fragrant (1 minute).  Pour in wine (or broth) and bring to a simmer for 2 minutes or until wine reduces by about half. Stir in the remaining tablespoon of butter and lemon juice.  Remove pan (skillet) from the heat; add the scallops back into the pan to warm through slightly and garnish with parsley.  Serve over rice, pasta, garlic bread or steamed vegetables (cauliflower, broccoli, zucchini noodles)."
"Line a 6 x 8 (or similar sized) glass pan with plastic wrap or wax paper misted very lightly with cooking spray.  Put all ingredients, excluding vanilla and optional nuts, into a bowl.  Microwave for 90 seconds.  Whisk until smooth.  Whisk in vanilla and optional nuts.  Pour into prepared pan, cover, and chill in the refrigerator until set."
"For the bottom layer, add cream cheese, sugar, and one 8-ounce tub of whipped cream in a separate bowl and blend well with a hand mixer.  Fill your pre-made crusts with this layer evenly.  Next, mix pudding and milk and stir until thick. Add 2 cups of canned pumpkin.   Add pumpkin pie spice, nutmeg, and cinnamon. Stir until blended.  Put this on top of the cream cheese layer.   For the top layer, use the second 8-ounce container of Cool Whip to top the pies.  Sprinkle a little pumpkin spice on top."
"In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in vanilla. Gradually beat flour into creamed mixture. Stir in coconut.  Using a sheet of waxed paper, shape dough into a 12x3x1-in. rectangle. Wrap in waxed paper; refrigerate 3 hours or overnight.  Preheat oven to 300  degrees . Unwrap and cut dough crosswise into 1/4-in. slices. Place 1 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Bake 18-20 minutes or until edges
edges are light golden. Cool on pans 5 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool."
"In the insert of the crockpot, whisk together beef broth, soy sauce, sesame oil, minced garlic, and brown sugar.   Place slices of beef in the liquid and toss to coat.  Cover with lid and cook on low heat for 4 hours.
After 4 hours, whisk together cornstarch and water in small bowl. Pour into crock pot, add the broccoli and gently stir to combine.  Cover with lid and cook 30 minutes to cook broccoli and thicken sauce.  Serve with warm white rice."
"Using six quart or larger slow cooker - Add the chicken breast to the slow cooker. Add remaining ingredients and stir the toppings on top of the chicken to combine.  Cover and cook on low for 6 hours without opening the lid during the cooking time.  If desired shred the chicken. Serve over white or brown rice, or hamburger buns."
"Preheat oven to 375F degrees. Spray two 9x5 loaf pan with nonstick spray. Set aside.  In a large bowl, using a KitchenAid Stand Mixer with paddle attachment cream butter and sugar together until light and fluffy.  In a small bowl, beat eggs using a fork. Add eggs to sugar mixture and beat until combined. Add mashed bananas and mix until combined.  Sift all dry ingredients: flour, baking soda, and salt. Slowly add sifted dry ingredients to banana mixture and mix until flour is just combined. DO NOT OVERMIX! Fold in floured covered strawberries.
Pour batter into prepared loaf pans and bake at 375F for 15 minutes. REDUCE heat to 350F and bake for an additional 30 minutes until edges are slightly brown or until toothpick inserted into center comes out clean. Let cool completely before removing from loaf pans."
"Cook macaroni according to package directions. Drain and rinse in cold water; drain well.  In a large bowl, combine macaroni and vegetables. Whisk together remaining ingredients until smooth and sugar is dissolved; stir into macaroni mixture. Refrigerate, covered, overnight."
"Preheat oven to 425  degrees . Place fillets on a 15x10x1-in. baking pan coated with cooking spray. In a small skillet, melt butter; stir in brown sugar, soy sauce, mustard, oil, pepper and salt. Brush half of the mixture over salmon.  Place green beans in a large bowl; drizzle with remaining brown sugar mixture and toss to coat. Arrange green beans around fillets. Roast 14-16 minutes or until fish just begins to flake easily with a fork and green beans are crisp-tender."
"Combine the whites, powdered sugar, and salt in the bowl of a large stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment. Mix everything together on low speed, until the sugar is moistened and no dry patches remain. Turn off the mixer, scrape down the sides and bottom of the bowl with a spatula, then turn the mixer to medium speed. Beat on medium for 5 minutes.  After 5 minutes, turn the mixer to medium-low and start adding the softened room temperature butter, 1-2 tablespoons at a time. Once all of the butter is incorporated, add the vanilla extract and mix it in. Stop the mixer and scrape down the bottom and sides once more. Turn the speed to medium and beat the buttercream for 10 minutes. At the end, you  degrees ll have a frosting with a wonderfully light and creamy texture. It can be used right away, or stored in the refrigerator for up to two weeks, or the freezer for up to two months. If you have chilled the frosting, let it come to room temperature and then beat it for several minutes to smooth it out and restore its texture before using it.
To make chocolate buttercream, chop 12 oz unsweetened chocolate, and place it in a microwave-safe bowl. Microwave in 30-second increments, stirring after every 30 seconds to prevent overheating. Once the chocolate is melted, let it cool until it is completely room temperature. Make the frosting as described, and after it is finished, add the melted and cooled chocolate. Mix on low speed until the chocolate is completely incorporated."
"If roasting pecans, preheat your oven to 350F.  Spread pecans in an even layer on a cookie sheet and bake for 8 minutes - until just slightly darker and fragrant. These burn quickly so watch them!  Allow the pecans to cool before moving on to the other steps of the recipe. Place the unwrapped caramel squares and heavy whipping cream in a microwave-safe bowl and heat in 30 second increments, stirring well in
between each heating. Arrange the pecans in small clusters to form
the "feet" of the turtles.  Pour a generous tablespoon of the melted
caramel sauce over the pecans.  Place the chocolates and shortening in a second  microwave-safe bowl and heat in 25 second increments, stirring well in between each heating.  Add a generous tbsp of melted chocolate overtop of the caramel and swirl the spoon in the chocolate to make a luscious design.  If desired, sprinkle the turtles with a few sea salt flakes. It really brings out all of those delicious flavors while
adding that incredible salty-sweet flavor profile."
"Line a 13x9-in. dish with half of the graham crackers, breaking crackers to fit as needed.   Whisk milk and pudding mixes 2 minutes; let stand until soft-set, about 2 minutes. Fold in whipped topping; spread evenly over crackers. Top with remaining crackers.   In a microwave-safe bowl, microwave chocolate and butter until melted; stir until blended. Stir in remaining ingredients. Spread over top. Refrigerate, covered, 8 hours or overnight.

Tips
 Fold 1/2 cup canned pumpkin and 1 teaspoon pumpkin pie spice into the filling for a no-fuss fall take on this classic."
"Line a greased 15-in. x 10-in. x 1-in. baking pan with waxed paper. Grease the paper; set aside. In a mixing bowl, beat eggs for 3 minutes. Gradually add sugar; beat for 2 minutes or until mixture becomes thick and lemon-colored. Stir in pumpkin and lemon juice. Combine dry ingredients; fold into pumpkin mixture. Spread batter evenly in prepared pan. Sprinkle with walnuts.  Bake at 375  degrees  for 12-14 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched in center. Cool for 5 minutes. Turn cake out of pan onto a kitchen towel dusted with confectioners' sugar. Gently peel off waxed paper. roll up cake in towel jelly-roll style, starting with a long side. Cool completely on a wire rack.
 In a mixing bowl, combine filling ingredients; beat until smooth. Unroll cake; spread evenly with filling to within 1/2 in. of edges. Roll up again. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour before cutting. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Mix 1 box (12 oz) vanilla wafers, crushed into crumbs, with 1/2 lb ground blanched almonds.  Melt four 1 oz squares white chocolate according to package directions.  In blender, process tequila, orange marmalade, and light corn syrup until smooth. Stir, along with melted chocolate, into crumb mixture.  Shape into 1-inch balls and coat with sugar. Store in refrigerator."
"Roll pie dough out to 1/4 inch thickness. Cut out circles of dough to fit cups of standard muffin tin. Gently place into muffin cups.  In a saucepan, melt butter and margarine over low heat just until melted. Stir in brown sugar, coconut, spices, nuts, salt, eggs, lemon juice, and corn syrup. Mix well. Fill prepared muffin cups halfway with this mixture.  Bake at 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) for 12 to 15 minutes, or until golden and bubbly."
"Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease cookie sheets.
In a large bowl, cream together the butter, brown sugar, and white sugar until smooth. Beat in the egg and brandy. Combine the flour and baking soda; stir into the sugar mixture. Mix in the white chocolate chips and cranberries. Drop by heaping spoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheets.  Bake for 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven. For best results, take them out while they are still doughy. Allow cookies to cool for 1 minute on the cookie sheets before transferring to wire racks to cool completely."
"Combine flour, baking powder, and salt in a bowl; set aside. Beat the butter and confectioners' sugar with an electric mixer in a large bowl until smooth. Stir in the vanilla and almond extracts and orange zest. Mix in the flour mixture until just incorporated. Fold in the cranberries; mixing just enough to evenly combine.  Divide the dough into 2 equal portions, then roll into logs about 7 inches long. Wrap each log in wax paper or plastic wrap, and chill in the refrigerator for at least 4 hours.  Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).  Remove wax paper, and cut the cookie dough into 1/2-inch slices. Arrange the slices on a baking sheet about 1 inch apart.  Bake in the preheated oven until firm but not browned, about 10 minutes."
"Make shortbread crust: Preheat your oven to 350  degrees F. Prepare a 9 x 13 in. baking dish with parchment paper.  Cut the butter into the flour and powdered sugar and press into the baking dish  and then the bottom of a glass to press the mixture into the pan). Bake 18-20 minutes or until light brown. Set on a wire rack.  Toast coconut for the topping: Spread about 1 cup of the coconut flakes out on a baking sheet and bake in the oven along with your shortbread crust for 3-6 minutes, stirring every minute or so, until the coconut is golden brown. Spread it out on a plate to cool completely.
Make coconut cream filling: Combine the half-and-half, coconut milk, eggs, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a large saucepan and bring it to a boil over medium-low heat, whisking constantly until it  degrees s thick and bubbling (this can take anywhere from 15-30 minutes..) Add coconut and vanilla extracts and the 1 1/2 cups of untoasted coconut and stir. Pour this filling over your cooled crust, letting it cool for a bit on the counter before sticking the whole thing in the fridge to chill until firm, about 2 to 4 hours.
Make whipped cream topping: Put 1 tablespoon cold water in a small bowl and sprinkle the gelatin evenly over the top. Let it soften for 2 minutes before microwaving it for 30 seconds and whisking to dissolve the gelatin. Using a chilled bowl and beater, whisk the 2 cups of heavy cream and powdered sugar together until the cream forms stiff peaks, stopping to add gelatin mixture about halfway through. Dollop the cream over your bars and gently spread it around. Sprinkle on toasted coconut. Chill until ready to serve to let the whipped cream set up. Use the sling to pull the bars out of the dish, slice with a sharp knife,"
"Combine the flour/ sugar / salt in a bowl.  Add the eggs, melted butter and rum and orange blossom water.  Mix everything well, then gradually add the milk, stirring vigorously so as not to obtain lumps.
Leave for at least 2 hours, it is quite possible to prepare the dough the day before.  Bake in a frying pan or a buttered crepe maker and enjoy still warm with sugar, honey, jam, maple syrup   degrees "
"Preheat oven to 375 F degrees. Grease a bread pan with butter or oil.
In a large bowl mix the flour, poppy seeds, baking powder and salt together.  In another bowl, whisk the rest of the bread ingredients together. Add the wet ingredients into the flour bowl and slowly stir just until fully incorporated. Do not over mix.  Pour the mixture into the prepared bread pan, transfer to the oven and bake for 45 min to 1 hour or until you insert a toothpick in the middle and it comes out clean.
In the meantime whisk the powdered sugar and lemon juice together to make the glaze, add more lemon juice or powdered sugar as necessary until you get the consistency you want.  Cool the bread in the loaf pan for 5 minutes then remove the bread from the loaf pan and transfer it to a cooling rack to cool completely. Let bread cool completely before drizzling with lemon icing."
"Preheat your oven to 350 F degrees. Generously spray a 8x8 inch cake pan with cooking spray; set aside.  Add the date and water to a medium saucepan then bring the mixture to a boil. You will notice the dates soften. Add the entire thing to a food processor or blender and blend until smooth.   In a separate bowl whisk together the melted butter with the brown sugar until well combined. Add the eggs and whisk until light. Whisk in the golden syrup, molasses and date mixture. Mix until fully incorporated.  In another bowl combine the flour, baking soda, baking powder and salt together.  Add half of the flour mixture to the date mixture and whisk it until fully incorporated then add the rest of the flour and mix it well. Alternatively, this could all be done with a hand mixer or in a stand mixer.  Transfer the cake batter to the prepared baking pan and bake for 35 minutes or until done. Insert a toothpick in the center of the cake and if it comes out clean, it's done.  While the cake is baking, make the sauce. In a medium saucepan, add the butter, brown sugar, golden syrup, molasses and stir well. Cook until the butter has melted and everything is fully incorporated. Whisk in the whipping cream.  While the cake is still warm remove it from the cake pan and cut into 9 squares. Serve the cake warm and pour the sticky toffee sauce over it.   This can also be served with whipped cream, ice cream or chopped pecans or walnuts.
Notes
Golden syrup or light treacle is a thick, amber-color syrup produced by the sugar cane refining process. You can usually find it in the baking aisle in your local grocery store. If you cannot find it, a good substitute would be corn syrup.
Storing: Be sure the cake is fully cooled before storing. Sealed in an airtight container this recipe will last 5 to 6 days. Wrapped tightly in plastic wrap and then aluminum foil, this sticky toffee pudding recipe will last up to 3 months. Be sure to defrost fully when ready to eat and warm in an oven turned on low for 15 minutes. The sauce can be made in advance in stored in the fridge for up to 4 days."
"Prepare scallops: Remove the side muscle from the scallop the pat them dry with paper towels.  Cook Scallops: Heat the olive oil in a large skillet on high heat. Gently add the scallops to the skillet, making sure they are not touching each other. Season them generously with salt and pepper then add the 2 tbsp of butter to the skillet. Sear the scallops for 2 minutes on the first side then flip them over and cook for another 2 to 3 minutes on the other side. Season the other side with salt and pepper as well. They should have a golden crust on each side when they are done. Cook in batches if they don't all fit in the skillet. Transfer the scallops to a plate.  Make sauce: In another skillet (see notes) heat the olive oil over high heat then add the butter and cook until it melts. Add the garlic and saute for 20 to 30 seconds until it becomes aromatic. Don't over cook it, you don't want it to burn.
Add the white wine and lemon juice and season with salt and pepper to taste. Cook the sauce for another minute then turn off the heat. Add the scallops back to the skillet, including all the juices.  Serve: Serve immediately over pasta.
Notes
A Pinot Grigio white wine for this recipe, which also make a great wine to serve with."
"Add the flour, sugar and salt to a food processor and pulse a couple times to mix.  Add the butter to the food processor and pulse several times until the pieces of butter are pea size.  Add the ice water. Start with 6 tbsp of water (no ice cubes) and pulse again. Pinch the dough and if it doesn't stick together between your fingers add the rest of the water, a tablespoon at a time, until the dough just begins to hold together.  Transfer the dough from the food processor to a clean work surface and use your hands to form into a ball. Do not over-knead. If you over knead you start melting the butter with your hands and the dough starts developing gluten which means tough dough.  Cut the ball into 2 pieces and shape each piece into a disc. You should still see pieces of butter in the dough. This is what will make your dough flaky. Wrap each disc in plastic wrap and refrigerate for at least 30 minutes or up to 2 days.  Remove the dough from the refrigerator, and let it sit at room temperature for up to 10 minutes. This is required to soften the dough a bit, so that you can roll it out.  Roll out each disc using a rolling pin. If your dough is sticking to the surface or to the rolling pin add a bit more flour as necessary. Roll it until it's about 1/8 of an inch in thickness.   Place the pie dough lightly into a pie plate. I usually roll it on the rolling pin and unroll it over the pie plate. (see video) Crimp the edge and cut off excess dough.  Add your favorite filling to the pie.
Roll out the second disc. Gently place on top of the filling or cut into long strips to make a lattice. Trim the excess dough, if needed.  If making a double crust pie, make vents in the top pie crust if necessary using a sharp knife and brush it with egg wash, if preferred.
Bake the pie for 1 hour at 375 F degrees or until the crust is golden and starts to brown.
Notes
You can also combine some vegetable shortening into the crust, for example 1/2 cup butter and 1/2 cup shortening."
"Preheat oven to 400 F degrees.  In a medium bowl add the Parmesan cheese, bacon, parsley and salt and pepper to taste. I usually don't add any salt because I find the Parmesan cheese and bacon provides enough saltiness, but I do add about 1/2 tsp of black pepper. Stir everything together and set aside. In a large oven safe skillet, add the olive oil and heat it over medium heat. Add the mushrooms and cook on both sides for about 2 or 3 minutes per side, just until the mushrooms start to brown a bit. Add about 1 tbsp of the bacon/cheese mixture to each mushroom, you should have enough to fill all the mushrooms.  Place the mushrooms in the oven and bake for 5 minutes or until the cheese has melted.
Note
To make these ahead for a party, do everything up until step 4, and refrigerate until ready for baking. 5 or 10 minutes before serving, place the mushrooms in the oven and roast them for 5 minutes."
"Whip first three ingredients together.  Add remaining ingredients and shape nto balls. Roll in graham wafter crumbs and refrigerate."
"Begin with very cold butter, you can put it in the freezer for 10 minutes.
Dice it with a knife into cubes about 1/3" across, they don't have to be exact.  In a large bowl, combine flour, sugar and salt.  Using a pastry blender, cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs.  Add the ice water a tablespoon at a time and mix swiftly and gently.  Add just enough water to allow the dough to form into a loose ball.  Flatten the dough into disks, wrap tightly in plastic wrap and refrigerate at least 2 hour or overnight.  Roll the dough out to the desired size (12-13" circle for a 9" pie pan) on a floured surface with a floured rolling pin.  Turn it frequently to maintain its shape and prevent sticking.  Gently roll it over the rolling pin and transfer to your pie pan.  Press the dough evenly into the bottom and sides of the pie plate.  Trim dough to a 1-inch overhang using kitchen shears, fold under, and seal to form a rim, then crimp the rim with fingertips and knuckle.  Using a fork poke holes at the bottom of pie.  Wrap with plastic wrap and set in the fridge or freezer.  The dough must be well chilled before baking.  Add some aluminum foil or parchment paper onto the dough then weigh it down with rice, dried beans or pie weights.  Bake in preheated oven at 375 F for 20-30 min or until golden brown, then remove the foil or parchment.
* You can brush the entire shell with egg wash and bake a little longer.(The egg wash helps make the pie shell shiny and golden, but it also seals the bottom of the pie shell and prevents the filling from making the crust soggy)  Cool completely and set aside.  *If using a pie filling recipe that needs baked, bake according to that particular recipe."
"Clean your mushrooms and slice 1/4" off the stems.  Melt the butter over medium-high heat. Add the mushrooms, thyme, salt, and pepper. Stir well and cook the mushrooms until they are browned and begin to shrink. About 5-10 minutes.  Add the garlic and cook for another 30 seconds while stirring well. Garnish with parsley, and serve.

You can use other herbs such as sage or oregano. For fresh herbs, use 2 tbsp. For dried herbs, use 1 tbsp.
You can adjust the amount of garlic to suit your preference."
"Cream butter and sugar, add eggs, one at a time, beating well.
Sift 1 1/4 cup flour with baking powder and 1/2 tsp salt.  Combine fruit mix with remaining flour.  Beat in crushed pineapple alternately with flour and add fruit juice.   Line pans with wax paper.  Bake at 275* for 3 hours.  Makes about 8 lbs.   If using a tube pan only fill   degrees   way.  Watch carefully to prevent burning.   Best made 3 or 4 weeks in advance."
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9x9 baking pan.  Mix melted butter, flour, powdered sugar, and salt together. Once it comes together, press in an even layer into the bottom of the pan. Bake for 10 minutes. Set aside.  In a medium bowl, mix eggs, sugar, lemon zest, lemon juice, baking powder, and flour together. Once combined, pour over crust and bake for 25 minutes, or until filling has set. Allow to cool.
Sprinkle with powdered sugar and top each bar with a lemon slice if desired."
"Line an 8 x 8 baking pan with parchment paper so it comes up the sides a bit.  In a large microwave-safe bowl, mix the chocolate chips, condensed milk, and butter. In a separate microwave-safe bowl, combine the caramels and milk. Set aside the bowl with the caramels.
Microwave the chocolate chip mixture at 50% power for 30 seconds. Stir, and continue to repeat until the ingredients are melted and combined. This should take about 3-5 minutes. Pour the chocolate mixture into the prepared pan and smooth it out using a spatula.
Microwave the caramel mixture at 50% power for 30 seconds. Stir, and continue to repeat. This should take about 1-2 minutes. Immediately pour the melted caramel over the fudge and swirl it around using a fork or knife.  Press the whole pecans into the fudge in rows of 4.  Let set in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Store the fudge in the refrigerator."
"Line a 13x9-in. pan with foil. Butter foil with 1 teaspoon butter; set aside. In a saucepan, combine the sugar, milk, pumpkin, pumpkin pie spice and remaining butter. Cook over medium heat until candy thermometer reads 238  degrees  (soft-ball stage), stirring constantly.   Remove from the heat. Stir in the chips, marshmallow creme and vanilla until smooth. Stir in nuts. Pour into prepared pan. Cool completely.  Using foil, lift fudge out of pan. Discard foil; cut fudge into 1-in. squares. Store in an airtight container."
"Cook bacon in a nonstick skillet. Remove to a paper towel-lined plate. Discard all but 1 tablespoon of bacon fat from the skillet. Saute onion in the bacon fat for 3-4 minutes.   Place onions and all other ingredients, except bacon, in a 6-quart crockpot. Stir well, cover, and cook on low for 4 hours.  Remove top, turn heat to high and cook 20 minutes to thicken some. Stir in bacon."
"Preheat oven to 375  degrees F. Lightly coat a 9-inch square baking pan with cooking spray. Beat flour, butter, vanilla, 1 cup of the sugar, and 1/4 teaspoon of the salt with a heavy-duty stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment on medium-low speed until mixture resembles coarse crumbs, about 1 minute. Reserve 1 cup of the crumb mixture in a small bowl for the topping. Press remaining crumb mixture evenly into bottom of prepared pan.  Bake crust until golden brown, about 18 minutes. Transfer pan to a wire rack, and cool crust completely, about 30 minutes. (Do not turn off oven.)  Meanwhile, gently stir together chopped pineapple, cornstarch, lemon juice, and remaining 1/3 cup sugar and 1/4 teaspoon salt in a bowl until thoroughly combined. Spread pineapple mixture evenly over cooled crust.  Stir together almonds and reserved crumb mixture in a small bowl until combined. Sprinkle almond mixture evenly over pineapple mixture on crust. Bake at 375  degrees F until the filling is bubbly and the topping is lightly browned, 45 to 55 minutes. Transfer to a wire rack. Cool completely, about 1 hour, and cut into 16 squares."
" In a large saucepan, whisk 4 tablespoons water, sugar, brandy, cornstarch, lemon juice, tapioca, lemon zest and salt until combined. Add cherries. Bring to a boil; cook and stir until thickened, 3-5 minutes. Remove from heat. Set aside to cool.  Preheat oven to 400  degrees . On a lightly floured surface, roll 1 portion of dough to a 14x9-in. rectangle. Cut out eight 3-1/2 x 4-1/2-in. rectangles. Repeat with remaining dough. Transfer 8 rectangles to parchment-lined baking sheets.   Spoon about 3 tablespoons cherry mixture in center of each of 8 rectangles. Whisk egg and remaining 2 tablespoons water. Brush edges of crust with egg wash. Top with remaining 8 rectangles; press edges with a fork to seal. Brush tops with egg wash; cut slits in tops.  Bake until crust is golden brown and slightly puffed, 25-30 minutes. Remove from pans to wire racks to cool. Combine icing ingredients; drizzle over pies. Garnish with freeze-dried strawberries if desired. Let stand until set."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Coat a 13x9-in. baking pan with cooking spray.
In a large bowl, beat sugar, eggs, applesauce, oil and vanilla until well blended. In another bowl, whisk flour, baking soda, cinnamon and salt; gradually beat into sugar mixture. Fold in apples and pecans.  Transfer to prepared pan. Bake 35-40 minutes or until top is golden brown and a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack.  In a small bowl, beat cream cheese, butter and vanilla until smooth. Gradually beat in confectioners' sugar (mixture will be soft). Spread over cake. Refrigerate leftovers."
"In a large bowl, toss cooked macaroni with celery, red pepper and carrots.  In a small bowl, whisk together mayo, sour cream, sugar, vinegar, mustard, green onions and parsley.  Pour over macaroni and toss to coat. Refrigerate until serving."
"In a large saucepan, combine sugar, butter, milk and cocoa. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly. Cook and stir 3 minutes. Remove from heat; stir in peanut butter and extracts until blended. Stir in oats and cherries. Drop mixture by tablespoonfuls onto waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate until set. Store in airtight containers."
"Pour oil into a large $aucepan. Add onion and garlic. Sautd over
medium heat until onions are translucent (approx. 2 to 3 minutes)
In a bowl, mix the bouillon cubes and water until partially dissolved. Add bouillon mixture and all remaining ingredients  including $plenda No Calorie $weetener, to the saucepan. Stir well using a wire whisk.
Simmer, uncovered, for 25 to 30 minutes to allow flavours to
meld" Stir frequently. Refrigerate overnight in a non*metallic
container. Sauce is best if prepared a day before using. Keeps
well, refrigerated, for 1 week."
"Cream first five ingredients until light and fluffy. Beat in egg and vanilla. Gradually beat in flour. On a baking sheet, roll dough between two sheets of waxed paper into a 12-in. square. Refrigerate 30 minutes.
For filling, beat butter, brown sugar, corn syrup and vanilla. Add flour, cinnamon and salt; mix well. Remove top sheet of waxed paper; spread filling over dough to within 1/4-in. of edges. Using waxed paper, roll up tightly jelly-roll style, removing paper as you roll. Wrap in plastic. Freeze until firm, about 30 minutes.  Preheat oven to 375  degrees . Unwrap and cut dough crosswise into 1/4-in. slices. Place 2 in. apart on parchment paper-lined baking sheets. Bake until edges are light brown, 10-12 minutes. Cool on pans 5 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.  For glaze, mix confectioners' sugar, corn syrup, vanilla and enough water to reach desired consistency. Spread or drizzle over cookies. Let stand at room temperature until set."
"  Preheat oven to 375  degrees F (190  degrees C).  Place frozen tart shells on baking sheet. They will defrost slightly while you are making the filling.  Pour caramel flavoured sauce into a medium bowl. Stir in remaining ingredients.  Spoon filling into tart shells.  Bake in preheated oven 15-18 minutes or just until tops feel firm.  Serve warm or room temperature."
"In a large bowl, beat cream cheese, sugar, orange juice and ginger until smooth. Fold in cherries. Refrigerate, covered, at least 1 hour.
Place pecans in a shallow bowl. Shape cheese mixture into two 7-in.-long logs; roll in pecans to coat evenly. Wrap logs; refrigerate at least 1 hour. Serve with crackers."
"Cook onion in butter until tender. Add flour, Old Bay seasoning and thyme and cook 2-3 minutes.  Add carrot, celery, potato, corn, broth and wine & bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer 10 minutes. Stir in seafood and cream. Cook until fish is fully cooked and flaky and potatoes are tender, about 8-10 minutes.  Stir in parsley and season with salt and pepper to taste."
"8- or 9-inch (20 or 23 cm) square pan, lined with parchment or bu
To make the coconut layer: In heavy saucepan over low to medium-low heat, bring the sugar, salt, butter, corn syrup and milk to a boil, stirring until the sugar dissolves and the mixture begins to boil. Cover and cook 2 to 3 minutes to dissolve the sugar crystals on the sides of the pan. Remove the lid. Cook, stirring only as needed to prevent scorching, to the soft ball stage (234  degrees F to 240  degrees F/112  degrees C to 116  degrees C, with 236  degrees F/113  degrees C recommended).  Remove from the heat. Cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Add the vanilla. Beat by hand until the candy begins to thicken and lose its gloss. Stir in the coconut. Spread the candy into the prepared pan. Cool at room temperature while making the chocolate layer.  To make the chocolate layer: In a clean saucepan, combine the sugar and cocoa until well blended. Add the salt, butter, corn syrup and milk. Bring to a boil over low to medium-low heat, stirring until the sugar dissolves and the mixture begins to boil. Cover and cook 2 to 3 minutes to dissolve the sugar crystals on the sides of the pan. Remove the lid. Cook, stirring only as needed to prevent scorching, to the soft ball stage (234  degrees F to 240  degrees F/112  degrees C to 116  degrees C, with 236  degrees F/113  degrees C recommended).  Remove from the heat. Cool slightly, about 10 minutes. Add the vanilla. Beat by hand until the candy begins to thicken and lose its gloss. Stir in the pecans, if desired. Spread the chocolate layer over the coconut layer in the pan. Cool and cut into squares. Store in an airtight container."
"Preheat oven to 325, line an 8x8 inch square pan with foil and spray with cooking spray.  Brownie Layer:  Cream together butter and sugar in a large bowl. Mix in cocoa powder and salt. Add vanilla and eggs and mix until smooth. Mix in flour until incorporated. Spread brownie batter in prepared pan. Bake 15-20 minutes.
Caramel Layer:  In a small sauce pan combine caramels and heavy cream and heat over medium high heat, stirring constantly until melted and smooth. Remove from heat and pour caramel mixture over brownie layer. Put the pan in the fridge to chill until cookie dough layer is ready.
Cookie Dough Layer:  Cream together butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Mix in vanilla and heavy cream. Add flour and salt and mix until incorporated. Stir in chocolate chips and oats. Test the caramel layer by gently pushing a finger across the caramel. When you can do this and the caramel doesn't much very much, it's ready. Spread the cookie dough evenly over the caramel layer.
Chocolate Glaze:  In a microwave safe bowl combine chocolate chips and heavy cream. Microwave on medium for 1-2 minutes, stirring every 20 seconds until chocolate is melted and smooth. Spread chocolate over cookie dough layer. Store in airtight container until ready to serve. Cut into bars and serve!"
"Line an 8 x 8 baking pan with parchment paper so it comes up the sides a bit.  In a large microwave-safe bowl, mix the chocolate chips, condensed milk, and butter. In a separate microwave-safe bowl, combine the caramels and milk. Set aside the bowl with the caramels.
Microwave the chocolate chip mixture at 50% power for 30 seconds. Stir, and continue to repeat until the ingredients are melted and combined. This should take about 3-5 minutes. Pour the chocolate mixture into the prepared pan and smooth it out using a spatula.
Microwave the caramel mixture at 50% power for 30 seconds. Stir, and continue to repeat. This should take about 1-2 minutes. Immediately pour the melted caramel over the fudge and swirl it around using a fork or knife.  Press the whole pecans into the fudge in rows of 4.  Let set in the refrigerator for 2 hours. Store the fudge in the refrigerator."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Combine flour, oats and brown sugar. Cut in butter until mixture is crumbly. Press into a greased 13x9-in. pan. Bake until golden brown, about 20 minutes.  Meanwhile, beat filling ingredients until smooth; pour over crust. Bake 45 minutes.  Combine topping ingredients; sprinkle over filling. Bake until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean, 15-20 minutes longer. Cool, then refrigerate until serving. If desired, serve with whipped cream."
" In a Dutch oven, heat canola oil over medium heat. Brown beef in batches, crumbling meat, until no longer pink; drain and set aside. Add onions and green pepper; cook until tender. Return meat to Dutch oven. Stir in remaining ingredients. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat; simmer, covered, until flavors are blended, about 1-1/2 hours."
"In a large skillet, cook beef over medium heat until no longer pink; drain.  Transfer to a 5-qt. slow cooker. Add the next 9 ingredients. Cover and cook on low for 8-10 hours. If desired, top individual servings with cheese and green onions."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Mix flour, sugar and brown sugar; cut in butter until crumbly. Stir in walnuts. Reserve 1 cup mixture for topping; press remaining mixture onto bottom and halfway up sides of a 13x9-in. baking dish.  In a large bowl, beat eggs, pumpkin, milk, cinnamon, salt and allspice just until smooth. Pour into crust; sprinkle with reserved topping.  Bake until golden brown, 50-55 minutes. Cool slightly on a wire rack. Serve warm, or refrigerate and serve cold. If desired, dust with confectioners' sugar. Refrigerate leftovers."
"Place egg whites in a large bowl; let stand at room temperature 30 minutes. For sauce, in a saucepan, combine confectioners' sugar, juice and 1/4 cup cubed butter; cook and stir over medium-low heat until sugar is dissolved. Remove from heat; stir in rum. Reserve 3/4 cup for serving.  Preheat oven to 375  degrees . Grease and flour a 10-in. tube pan. Sift flour, baking powder, cinnamon, salt and nutmeg together twice; set aside.  In a bowl, beat egg whites on medium until soft peaks form. Gradually add 1/4 cup brown sugar, 1 tablespoon at a time, beating on high after each addition until sugar is dissolved. Continue beating until stiff peaks form.  In another bowl, beat egg yolks until slightly thickened. Gradually add 1/4 cup remaining brown sugar and the vanilla, beating on high speed until thick. Fold a fourth of the egg whites into batter. Alternately fold in flour mixture and remaining whites. Fold in melted butter.  Transfer to prepared pan. Bake on lowest oven rack 25-30 minutes or until top springs back when lightly touched. Immediately poke holes in cake with a fork; slowly pour remaining sauce over cake, allowing sauce to absorb into cake. Cool completely in pan on a wire rack. Invert onto a serving plate. Serve with reserved sauce and, if desired, whipped cream and glazed pecans."
"In a heavy saucepan, whisk together eggs, sugar and salt. Gradually add 4 cups milk; cook and stir over low heat until a thermometer reads 160  degrees -170  degrees , 30-35 minutes. Do not allow to boil. Immediately transfer to a large bowl.  Stir in vanilla, nutmeg and remaining milk. Place bowl in an ice-water bath, stirring until milk mixture is cool. (If mixture separates, process in a blender until smooth.) Refrigerate, covered, until cold, at least 3 hours.   To serve, beat cream until soft peaks form. Whisk gently into cooled milk mixture. If desired, sprinkle with additional nutmeg before serving"
"Cream butter, cream cheese and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in egg yolk, orange juice and almond extract. In a separate bowl, whisk flour, baking powder and salt; gradually beat into creamed mixture. Stir in 3 cups coconut. Refrigerate until easy to handle, about 30 minutes.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Shape rounded tablespoons of dough into balls; roll in remaining coconut. Place 2 in. apart on ungreased baking sheets. Press a deep indentation in the center of each with the end of a wooden spoon handle. Bake until edges are light brown, 8-10 minutes. Cool 1 minute. Using the wooden spoon, enlarge any indentations that may have narrowed or closed. Remove cookies from pans to wire racks. Fill with preserves; cool completely."
"In a large bowl, beat butter, confectioners' sugar, milk and vanilla until blended. Stir in coconut and pecans. Divide dough in half; refrigerate, covered, 1 hour.  Working with half the dough at a time, shape mixture into 1-in. balls; place on waxed paper-lined baking sheets. Refrigerate 30 minutes longer.  In top of a double boiler or a metal bowl over barely simmering water, melt chocolate chips and shortening; stir until smooth. Dip balls in melted chocolate; allow excess to drip off. Return to waxed paper. Refrigerate until set.
To Make Ahead: Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator.F Freeze option: Freeze candy, layered between pieces of waxed paper, in freezer containers. To use, thaw in refrigerator 2 hours before serving."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Place flour in a small bowl; cut in butter until crumbly. Stir in 1/2 cup walnuts. Press onto bottom of an ungreased 13x9-in. baking dish. Bake until light golden brown, 12-15 minutes. Cool completely on a wire rack.  In a small bowl, beat cream cheese and confectioners' sugar until smooth; fold in 1 carton whipped topping. Spread over crust. In a large bowl, whisk milk and pudding mix for 2 minutes. Gently spread over cream cheese layer. Top with remaining whipped topping. Sprinkle with chocolate chunks and remaining walnuts. Refrigerate until cold.  Cut into bars. Just before serving, drizzle with chocolate syrup."
"Line a 15x10x1-in. baking pan with waxed paper; lightly coat paper with cooking spray and set aside.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees . Add vanilla and cream of tartar to egg whites; beat on medium speed until soft peaks form. Gradually beat in sugar, 2 Tbsp. at a time, on high until stiff glossy peaks form and sugar is dissolved. Fold in flour, about 1/4 cup at a time.  Gently spread batter into prepared pan. Bake 15-20 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Cool 5 minutes.
Turn cake onto a kitchen towel dusted with 1 tablespoon confectioners  degrees  sugar. Gently peel off waxed paper. Roll up cake in the towel jelly-roll style, starting with a short side. Cool completely on a wire rack.  In a large saucepan, combine sugar and cornstarch; stir in water until smooth. Cook and stir over medium-high heat until thickened and bubbly. Reduce heat; cook and stir 2 minutes. Remove from heat. Stir a small amount of hot mixture into egg; return all to the pan, stirring constantly. Bring to a gentle boil; cook and stir 2 minutes.
Remove from heat. Gently stir in lemon juice, zest and, if desired, food coloring. Cool to room temperature without stirring.  Unroll cake; spread filling to within 1/2 in. of edges. Roll up again. Place seam side down on a serving plate; sprinkle with additional confectioners' sugar."
"In a large bowl, combine the first seven ingredients. Sift together the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt; gradually beat into lemon mixture until smooth. In a small bowl, beat egg whites until foamy. Add cream of tartar; beat until stiff peaks form. Gently fold into the lemon mixture.
Pour into an ungreased 10-in. tube pan. Bake at 325  degrees  for 45-55 minutes or until cake springs back when lightly touched. Immediately invert pan; cool completely. Remove cake to a serving platter. Combine glaze ingredients; drizzle over cake."
"In a large bowl, combine the flour, sugar, baking powder and salt. In a small bowl, whisk the egg, milk and butter; add to dry ingredients just until moistened. Spread into a greased 8-in. square baking dish. Top with blueberries.  For topping, in a small bowl, combine the sugar, flour and cinnamon; cut in butter until crumbly. Sprinkle over blueberries.
Bake at 350  degrees  for 45-55 minutes or until golden brown and a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.  In a small saucepan, combine the sugar, cornstarch and lemon zest; gradually stir in water until smooth. Bring to a boil over low heat, stirring constantly. Cook and stir 1 minute longer or until thickened. Remove from the heat; stir in butter and lemon juice. Serve warm with buckle."
"In a large bowl, mix cracker crumbs, 3/4 cup sugar and cinnamon; stir in butter. Reserve half of mixture for topping. Press remaining crumb mixture onto bottom of a greased 13x9-in. baking dish.   In a large bowl, beat cream cheese and remaining sugar until smooth. Gradually beat in cream and extract until soft peaks form. Spread half of the cream cheese mixture over crust. Gently spread lemon curd over cream cheese layer. Spread with remaining cream cheese mixture. Sprinkle with reserved cracker crumb mixture. Refrigerate, covered, overnight. Freeze option: After assembling; cover and freeze dessert. To use, thaw in refrigerator overnight."
"Preheat oven to 375  degrees . Beat first four ingredients until blended. Beat in flour. Stir in toffee bits. Shape dough into 1-in. balls; place 2 in. apart on parchment paper-lined baking sheets.  Bake until edges are light brown and toffee bits begin to melt, 8-10 minutes. Cool on pans 5 minutes. Remove to wire racks to cool completely.  In a small heavy saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Heat until golden brown, about 5 minutes, stirring constantly. Remove from heat; stir in confectioners' sugar, rum extract and enough milk to reach desired consistency. Spread over cookies."
"Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).   In a large bowl, mix together the brown sugar, oil, molasses, and egg. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt, cloves, cinnamon, and ginger; stir into the molasses mixture. Roll dough into 1 1/4 inch balls. Roll each ball in white sugar before placing 2 inches apart on ungreased cookie sheets.  Bake for 10 to 12 minutes in preheated oven, or until center is firm. Cool on wire racks."
"Prepare either the Simple Pie Dough or Brown Sugar Pie Dough. Or you can use prepared store bought tarts.  Pre-heat oven to 400  degrees F. Grease and flour a 12 size medium muffin tin.  Remove pastry from fridge roll out to 1/8" thickness and cut out with a round cookie cutter.  Gently form into muffin tin, use a small lightly floured shot glass to gently form the rounds into the tin.
BUTTER TART FILLING
If using raisins then place them in a medium bowl and cover with boiling water, let sit 5 minutes then drain. Immediately add hot raisins to butter mixture and stir until butter has melted.  Then add beaten egg and vanilla, brown sugar, salt and corn syrup stir to combine well.
If not using the raisins then melt the butter, let cool slightly, then add the beaten egg, vanilla, brown sugar, salt and corn syrup stir to combine well. At this point you can either stir in the chopped pecans, chocolate chips or leave the filling plain.
Pour the filling into the prepared tart shells and bake for 15 minutes at 400  degrees F, reduce heat to 350  degrees F and continue baking for approximately 10 - 15 minutes (until they start to brown).  Let cool before serving."
"n a microwave-safe bowl, add white chocolate, cream or condensed milk, vanilla extract.  Heat in the microwave at 30 second increments and mix at each interval to prevent chocolate from burning.   Cover bowl with saran wrap and chill in the fridge for 2-3 hours or until mixture is firm enough to handle.  Scoop out small portions of the mixture and shape into balls.  Dip in melted white chocolate and toss some toppings before the chocolate sets.  Place on a cookie tray lined with wax paper and let the chocolate set.   When the chocolate sets, you can drizzle some more melted white chocolate on top of each truffle."
"Place 16 ounces of chocolate in a large glass bowl.  Heat the cream in a saucepan to 90 to 110?. Pour the hot cream over the chocolate. Let it sit for a few minutes, begin to whisk.  Whisk until the chocolate is melted and shiny. (If chocolate doesn't melt completely it can be microwaved for 30 seconds at a time or placed over a double boiler until melted.)  Add the rum (or another optional flavoring) and stir until everything is well-combined.  Pour the chocolate onto 9" x 13" baking pan. (Can be lined with parchment or plastic wrap.) Refrigerate for about 60 minutes, until the mixture is thick and 'scoopable'.
When the mixture is cool enough to hold its shape, scoop small balls of the chocolate onto a baking sheet that's been lined with parchment paper. For perfectly round truffles, quickly roll each one between the palms of your hands. You have to do this quickly, or the chocolate will become too soft.  Cover the truffles with plastic wrap and freeze the rolled balls for about 60 minutes, until they are firm and very cold.
Heat the 23 ounces of chocolate over a double boiler until melted and smooth. See notes for microwave directions.
Remove frozen chocolate centers from the freezer. Drop into melted chocolate one by one. Make sure each one is evenly coated. Using a fork or chocolate dipping tool, remove and place on parchment paper. Cool completely.  Optional: as you make them, sprinkle each truffle with the decoration of your choice. (chopped nuts, toffee, jimmies, sprinkles, or gold dust)
NOTES
Alternate Flavors: You can use different flavorings for the centers, but you should use no more than 3 tbsp of liquid. When using extracts use only   degrees  tbsp at the most, some flavorings are stronger than others. LorAnn extracts are very concentrated so you will need less. Test the flavor before adding more extract.
Some suggestions:
  degrees  tbsp of raspberry flavoring + 2   degrees  tbsp raspberry jam
  degrees  tbsp orange oil + 2   degrees  tbsp orange liqueur like Cura  degrees ao
3 tbsp of really strong espresso
Vegan Adaptable: Use full-fat coconut milk in place of cream.
Microwave Directions for Melting Chocolate:  Alternatively, microwave chocolate for 30 seconds at a time until thoroughly melted. Reheat if the chocolate starts to get warm. I prefer using the double-boiler method just because it allows the chocolate to stay at a more consistent temperature instead of having to reheat it if you aren't working fast enough."
"Place 1 cup raisins in a small bowl and cover with 3-4 Tbsp. bourbon. Heat in microwave for 10 seconds, stir. Repeat. Bourbon should be very warm but not bubbling. Cover the bowl and the raisins soak until plump (about 1 hour). The raisins should have soaked up most of the bourbon so don't worry about removing them.  Preheat oven to 350  degrees  degrees. Use softened butter to cover bottom and sides of 9x13 glass or ceramic baking dish.  Place cubed bread in a large mixing bowl and pour heavy cream and milk over the bread.  Mix the bread, milk, and cream with your hands until no large pieces of bread remain and milk and cream have been absorbed.  In a separate bowl, beat eggs, add sugar, salt and vanilla extract, mix well. Pour over the milk, cream, and bread mixture.  Stir in raisins and any remaining whiskey (optional)
Pour mixture into buttered baking pan. Bake until the liquid sets and the top starts to brown. and the edges of the pudding are browning and pulling away from the pan (40-50 minutes).  Remove from oven and allow to cool as you make the sauce. Or, if making ahead of time, allow bread pudding to cool to room temperature, cover with aluminum foil and refrigerate until needed (up to 2 days).

Whiskey Sauce
You can make the sauce while the bread pudding is cooking or while it cools. Melt the butter in a medium saucepan over low heat. Whisk the sugar and beaten egg into the melted butter.  Over low heat, stir the mixture constantly until the sauce is thick enough to coat the back of your spoon. Remove from heat.   Whisk in the bourbon to taste. If you aren't eating immediately then you'll need to whisk it again just before you serve it.
To Serve:
Cut bread pudding into squares and drizzle whiskey sauce over individual servings."
"In a large bowl add the graham cracker crumbs, coconut, pecans, melted butter, and cocoa powder. Stir and set aside.  In a smaller bowl, mix up the filling ingredients.  Take the filling, roll in a ball that's about 3/4". Sprinkle the chocolate coconut mixture on top and roll until the filling is surrounded.  Once all the balls are rolled out and placed on parchment paper, stick them in the freezer for 30 minutes.
Meanwhile, place a glass bowl over a boiling pot of water and add the semisweet chocolate and butter. Stir until smooth and glossy. Remove the balls from the freezer and roll in the melted chocolate. Place back on the parchment paper and top with any additional coconut mixture.
Let stand a few hours until chocolate is set, or toss them in the freezer to speed it up."
"Mix all ingredients except the cherries and chocolate, into a soft dough
Wrap each cherry in a ball of dough.  Freeze cherries for 1 hour
Dip sugar dough wrapped cherries into melted chocolate. Allow cherries to cool without touching on parchment paper.  Store cherries for 2 weeks for sugar to liquify with the cherry juice inside."
"In a large bowl, mix the powdered sugar, melted butter, sweetened condensed milk, and mint extract with a large wooden spoon (you may have to use your hands towards the end) until smooth. Fold in green food coloring and chopped chocolate until combined. Refrigerate uncovered for about 30 minutes, then roll into balls with damp hands and place on cookie sheets lined with wax paper. Refrigerate again for about an hour.    Melt almond bark according to package directions. Dip the candies in the melted chocolate, shaking excess chocolate off gently. Place back on lined cookie sheets. Using a fork, drizzle any leftover chocolate on candies and refrigerate until firm."
" Line an 8-in. square dish with plastic wrap; set aside. In a microwave-safe bowl, combine the caramels, milk chocolate chips and cream. Microwave, uncovered, on high for 1 minute; stir. Microwave 1 minute longer, stirring every 15 seconds or until caramels are melted and mixture is smooth. Spread into prepared dish; refrigerate for 1 hour or until firm.  Using plastic wrap, lift candy out of pan. Cut into 30 pieces; roll each piece into a 1-in. ball. Cover and refrigerate for 1 hour or until firm.  In a microwave-safe bowl, melt semi-sweet chips and shortening; stir until smooth. Dip caramels in chocolate; allow excess to drip off. Place on waxed paper; let stand until set. If desired, use additional melted chocolate to drizzle over truffles. Refrigerate until firm."
"In a medium microwave-safe bowl (with high sides for splatter), add butter, sweetened condensed milk and brown sugar.  Heat in the microwave for approximately 3 minutes, stopping to stir every minute. By the end of the 3 minutes, the butter should be completely melted and the sugar dissolved.   Give the caramel a good stir, then heat for another 3 minutes, making sure you stir every 30 seconds. If you don  degrees t the caramel will get too hot and bubble over   degrees  making a mess in your microwave. Keep in mind the caramel is getting very hot, so use an oven mitten to safely get the bowl in and out of the microwave.  By now, your caramel should be very thick and golden in colour*. Add white chocolate. Give it a good stir to make sure the chocolate is melted and mixture is smooth. Lastly, stir in sea salt.  Place caramel fudge in the fridge to firm up for at least 3-4 hours.  Leave the caramel fudge at room temperature for 5 minutes or so. Meanwhile, melt the chocolate in the microwave, stirring every 30 seconds, until melted and smooth.
Scoop out tablespoons of the caramel fudge and roll into a ball using your hands. Dip each ball into the melted dark chocolate. Use a fork to scoop out the ball and place on an oven tray lined with baking paper.
Repeat with remaining caramel fudge truffles. Top each truffle with crushed nuts (if using). Store truffles in the fridge.
NOTE
Cooking times may vary. This recipe has been tested using an 100W microwave. You  degrees ll be able to tell your caramel is ready when it thickens and turns golden brown in colour."
"Begin by soaking maraschino cherries (with stems) in liquor for 4-7 days.  One with cherry vodka; the other with white creme de cacao. I soaked my cherries right in the jar they came in. Just empty out the red syrup and fill the jar with the liquor.  Once they have soaked for the specified time, drain off the liquor. (You can save this for cocktails.)
Then, dry the cherries on a paper towel. This will help the chocolate to stick.  Cover a cookie sheet with wax paper and set aside. In a double boiler (or the microwave), melt your chocolate chips and shortening. (The shortening  prevents the chocolate from getting really hard.) Stir until smooth.  Next, dip the cherries into the chocolate and set on wax paper. Add any leftover melted chocolate to a plastic baggie. Cut a very small section of the  tip of the bag and pipe lines or designs on the cherrie"
"Mix all ingredients together.  Spoon into prepared muffin cups.
Bake at 375 for approximately 20 minutes or until tops are lightly browned.
For ALMOND POPPYSEED MUFFINS: use a white cake mix, add 2 teaspoons poppyseeds, and 1 tsp almond extract.
FOR CHOCOLATE MUFFINS: use a chocolate cake mix and stir in 1 1/2 cup chocolate chips.
Create your own: use whatever flavor cake mix you want and add your own goodies.
French vanilla cake mix and fresh raspberries.
Lemon cake mix and poppyseed.
Spice cake mix with cinnamon/sugar topping"
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F. Grease a 9x5 inch loaf pan well and line with parchment paper.  Add the sugar and lemon zest to the bowl of an electric mixer and mix together on low speed for a few minutes. This helps to release all of the flavour in the zest.   Add the butter to the sugar and lemon zest and cream until light and fluffy on medium speed,
about 5 minutes  Add the eggs one at a time, beating well after each addition.  Beat in the vanilla extract.  Mix together the flour, baking powder, baking soda and poppyseeds.  Add the dry ingredients alternately with the milk/ lemon juice mixture, beginning and ending
with the dry ingredients. In general, I add the dry ingredients in 3 portions and the milk in 2 additions.  Spread batter evenly into the prepared pan.  Bake at 350 degrees F for about 40 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean.  Let the cake rest in the pan for 5 minutes then remove it from the pan and set on a wire rack to
cool and be glazed.
To prepare the glaze
In a very small saucepan combine the sugar and lemon juice and bring to a simmer for only 2-3 minutes. Large bubbles should begin to appear at this point, indicating that it has reached a syrupy stage.  As soon as the cake comes out of the pan and is still hot, begin brushing on the lemon glaze over the top. You will need to do this in several coats, waiting a minute or so between coats to allow the glaze to absorb into the cake.  Allow to cool fully before slicing and serving. Store leftovers in an airtight container."
""
"In a large bowl, cream butter and sugars until light and fluffy. Beat in egg. Beat in milk and lemon juice. Combine dry ingredients; add to creamed mixture and mix well. Stir in cranberries and nuts.   Drop by heaping teaspoonfuls 2 in. apart onto greased baking sheets. Bake at 375  degrees  for 13-15 minutes or until golden brown. Cool on wire racks."
"Line a 9-in. square pan with foil; grease foil with 1 teaspoon butter. In a large heavy saucepan, cook and stir white chocolate over low heat until melted. Add milk and remaining butter; stir until blended. Remove from heat; stir in pecans and Kahlua.  Spread into prepared pan. Refrigerate, covered, 2 hours or until firm. Remove foil; cut fudge into 1-in. squares. Store between layers of waxed paper in an airtight container in the refrigerator."
"Combine all ingredients in a large sauce pot. Bring siowly to a boil.
Cook rapidly to jellying point. As mixture thickens, stir frequently to
prevent sticking. Pour hot into hot jars, leaving 1/4 inch head space.
Adjust caps. Process 10 minutes in boiling water bath."
"Sprinkle 1 cup brown sugar on bottom of crockpot,  place ham on top of brown sugar & pour pineapple  tidbits over top of ham. Sprinkle remaining brown sugar & cook on low 8 hours,"
"Mix first 4 ingredients into saucepan, add 1 cup boiling water & cook over low heat until thick & clear. Add butter & Iemon juice, blend good & pour over cake , pudding or muffins."
"Heat Carnation, water and salt to just below boiling. Remove from
heat. Stir in instant potato crystals vith a fork. Beat until liquid is fully absorbed.  Add salmon, celery, onion, lemon juice and pepper. Mix well. Divide mixture into 8 heaping 1/3 cup portions and shape into 5-inch long bars.  Roll in cornflake crumbs. Place on a buttered baking sheet. Bake in a moderate oven (350"F.) 15 minutes.  Serve with your favourite fish sauce."
"In the bowl of a stand mixer (or using an electric mixer) combine
sugar and 1/4 cup milk.  Miox until smooth.  Add milk as need to create a smooth mixture, one tablespoon at  a time. Add corn syrup and
almond extract. To decorate cookies, your outline icing should be the
consistency of toothpaste, your flood icing should be the consistency of
corn syrup  Add food coioring one drop at a time until desired color
is reached. Pour into bottles, decorator bags or a cup' Keep unused icing sealed until ready to use."
"Sift the cake flour,baking powder and salt into a bowl; set aside. Beat the butter and sugar in a large bowl with a mixer on medium-high speed until light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the egg and vanilla; beat until incorporated. Reduce the mixer speed to low and beat in the flour mixture in 2 batches untiljust incorporated. Divide between 2 pieces of plastic wrap; shape into disks. Wrap and refrigerate until firm,
at Ieast t hour.  Line 2baking sheets with parchment paper. Working with 1 disk at a time, roll out the dough on a floured surface until about L/ainch thick. Cut out shapes with cookie cutters; arrange2 inches apart on the prepared baking sheets. (lf the dough becomes soft, refrigerate until firm.) Refrigerate the cookies 30 minutes.  Gather the scraps and refrigerate until firm; reroll and cut out more cookies.
Position racks in the upper and lower thirds of the oven and preheat to 350'.  Bake, switching the pans halfway through, until the cookies are slightly puffed and just golden, 13 to 15 minutes. Let cool 5 minutes on the baking sheets, then remove to racks to cool completely before icing."
" Sift icing sugar into large bowl.  Mix in milk and lemon juice until
smooth. lcing should be thickness of honey. lf too thick, stir in additional
milk, 1 tsp a time; if too thin, stir in additional sifted icing sugar, about 2 tbsp at a time.  Divide icing among multiple dishes.  Keeping to a single food colouring in each dish, mix in a few drops to create desired shade.  Using one small clean paintbrush for each colour, brush icing onto plain sugar cookies. To avoid smearing, allow each colour to dry before proceeding with next colour. Let icing on cookies dry, about 15 min."
" In pot, combine cranberries, sugar and 1/4 cup orange juice with  1/4 cup water (or 2 Tbsp  water if usin gfrozen cranberries); over high heat, bring to boi[. Reduce heat to mediumJow; simmer, stirring occasionally, until cranberries pop and sauce thickens, 20 25 min. Remove from heat.  Cool to room temperature. Stir in orange
and lemon zests. Cover; refrigerate until chilled, at least 2hrs."
"Mix coconut and fruits.  Siftto gether flour, nutmeg, baking powder
and salt. Cream butter and sugar, add eggs and beat well. Add vanilla.
Then dry ingredients alternately with warm water. Fold in coconut and
fruits. Turn into greased loaf pan or  angel cake tin. Bake at 27 5F for 2.5 to 3 hours."
"Preheat the grill to high. In a bowl, combine the maple syrup, butter, salt and pepper. Set aside.  Tear off 12 pieces of aluminum foil to wrap the individual ears. Place 1 corn ear on a sheet  of foil and baste the corn with the maple-butter mixture, then tightly wrap the foil around it.
Repeat with all ears. PIace corn on the grill and close the cover.  After 4 minutes, give the corn a quarter turn and close the cover. Repeat three times, until all four sides have been grilled (a tota! of 16 minutes)."
"For 10 to 15 minutes, saut6 onions, green pepFer, meat, i
I and mushrooms. Put every thing in a big pot and simmer ;
n for ahout 5 minutes."
"In a large bowl, whisk eggs, milk, sugar, butter, cinnamon and salt. Gently fold in bread cubes and raisins if desired. Transfer to a greased 8-in. square baking dish. Bake, uncovered, at 350  degrees  for 40-45 minutes or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean.  In a small saucepan over medium heat, melt butter; stir in brown sugar and apple juice. Cook and stir until sugar is dissolved. Remove from the heat; stir in extracts. Serve warm with bread pudding. Refrigerate leftovers."
"In a heavy saucepan, whisk together the eggs, sugar and salt. Gradually add 1 qt. milk. Cook and stir over low heat until a thermometer reads 160  degrees , about 25 minutes. Pour into a large bowl; stir in vanilla, nutmeg and remaining milk. Place bowl in an ice-water bath; stir frequently until cool. If mixture separates, process in a blender until smooth. Cover and refrigerate at least 3 hours.  When ready to serve, beat cream in a bowl on high until soft peaks form; whisk gently into cooled mixture. Pour into a chilled 5-qt. punch bowl. If desired, top with dollops of whipped cream, sprinkle with nutmeg and serve with cinnamon sticks."
"Prepare the marinade: ln a medium bowl, combine all marinade ingredients. Reserve 1/2 cup.  Combine remaining marinade and ribs in a large resealable bag and toss to coat. Marinate, refrigerated, at least 2 hours or up to overnight.  Arrange oven rack in upper third of oven. Preheat oven to 300 F.   Place a wire rack on a foil-lined baking sheet. Remove ribs from marinade.  Place ribs, meaty side up, on rack. Bake ribs for 45 minutes. Remove ribs from oven and baste with some reserved marinade. Return ribs to oven for 45 minutes. Remove ribs and baste again. Return ribs to oven and bake for an additional 30 minutes, or until the meat pulls away from the bone. Transfer ribs to
a cutting board; cover and keep warm.  Preheat grill to medium-high. Cut each pineapple quarter lengthwise into 1/2 inch pieces.  In a cup, mix butter and honey; brush half on pineapple   Grill pineapple 3 to 4 minutes, brushing with the remaining butter and honey, until browned and hot. Grill ribs, uncovered, for 4 to 5 minutes or until evenly charred, turning ribs halfway through grilling. Remove from grill and rest 3 minutes before serving ."
"Mix well and store in zip lock bag until ready to use.  Rub on meat and let the meat sit t hr in refrigerator while preheating oven or BBQ."
"ln a saucepan, stir together sugar, cocoa, cornstarch and salt. Place over medium heat, and stir in mitk. Bring to a boi[, and cook, stirring constantly, until mixture thickens enough to coat the back of a metal spoon. Rcmove from heat, and stir ln butter and vanilta, Let cool
briefly, and serve warm, or chill in refrigerator until serving."
" In a large bowl, beat the butter, sugar, lemon juice and eggs. Combine
the flour, baking powder and salt; stir into egg mixture alternately
with milk, beating well after each addition. Fold in the blueberries,
nuts and lemon peel. Transfer to a greased 8-in. x 4-in. Ioaf pan. Bake
for 60-70 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes
out clean. Cool for 10 minutes before removing from pan to a wire
rack Combine glaze ingredients; drizzle over warm bread. CooI completely."
" In a food processor, pulse the Oreo cookics until they are fine crumbs. Combine the crumbs and the butter until crumbs are fully coated.   Press the mixture into a 9x13 inch baking dish.  Place the dish in the refrigerator while you work on the other layers.  In a medium bowl  whip the cream cheese and sugar on medium-low speed. Add the milk and mix until fully incorporated.  With a spatula, fold in 1 1/4 cups cool whip until completely uniform. Spread this mixture evenly over your crust.  In another medium bowl, combine the 3 1/4 cups milk with both of the pudding packages. Whisk constantly until the pudding thickens and creates soft peaks. Spread this layer evenly over the previous layer.
Let the dessert rest for about 5 minutes, to let the pudding fully thicken up. Spread the remaining Cool Whip over the top.  Spread the toasted coconut evenly over the top.  Make sure that it is completely cooled before adding it.   Let dessert sit in the freezer for 1 hour or in the
refrigerator for 4 hours before serving."
"Combine all in a bowl and mix with hand blender until
smooth and thick.
For Vanilla - Use Vanilla flavored pudding.
For Milk Chocolate - Use chocolate pudding.
For dark chocolate - Use chocolate pudding and add 2 T cocoa powder (or more to your liking).
For cheesecake flavored - Use cheescake pudding.
Be sure to use it on cooled layer cakes and refrigerate it after it is mixed and/or on the cake. You can use fat free milk if you want to but it is no where near as rich,
thick and creamy
INGREDIENT S t {utrition
1
1"
"Empty unthawed grape juice. Arrange juice and lemonade into a gallon
punch bowl. Add water and stir vigorously until well blended. Add ice
circles and let stand 10-15 minutes stirring occasionally. Float lime
slices in punch just before serving."
"Mix all ingredients except ginger ale. When ready to serve, add 1 quart of ginger ale."
"Dissolve sugar in boiling water. Combine chilled juices and sugar syrup.
Just before serving, stir in ginger ale. PIace ice in large punch bpwl.  Add punch."
"Combine all ingredients; add ice frozen in shaped molds."
"ln a large saucepan or stock pot, combine the rhubarb, sugar and pineapp{e. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Boil for 10 minutes, stirring frequently. Jarc can be steritized at the same time.  Afterthe rhubarb mixture has boiled for 10 minutes, remove from heat, and stir in strawberry flavored gelatin powder. Transfer to sterite jars, seal with lids, and process for 15 minutes in a boiling water bath. Allow jars to cool in a draft-free area."
"In a saucepan over medium heat, combine sugar, cornstarch, salt and water until smooth.  Add 3 cups blueberries. Bring to a hoil; cook and stir for 2 minutes or until thickened and bubbly. Remove from the heat. Add butterr lemon juice and remaining berries; stir until butter is melted. CooI. Pour into pastry shell. Refrigerate until serving."
"Combine sugar and flour, Sprinkle ll4 of it over pastry in pie plate. Heap rhubarb over this mixture. Sprinkle with remaining sugar and flour. I)ot with small pieces of butter. Cover with top crust. Place pie on lowest rack in oven. Bake for 15 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees, and continue baking for 40 to 45 minutes. Serve warm or cold."
"Combine all ingredients except 7-Up in large punch bowl. Pour a
portion into ice trays and freeze until firm. Chill remaining punch until
serving time. Add punch, ice cubes and 7-Up. Add orange slices."
"In a large bowl, cream butter and sugar until light and fluffy. Beat in
the eggs, Iemon juice and peel. Combine the flour, baking powder and
salt; gradually stir into creamed mixture alternately with milk, beating
well after each addition. Pour into a greased 8x4-in. loaf pan. Bake at
350  degrees  for 45 minutes or until a toothpick inserted near the center comes
out clean. Combine glaze ingredients. Remove bread from pan;
immediately drizzle with glaze. Cool on a wire rack Serve warm."
"Combine the chopped strawberries and sugar and set aside while you make the rest of the filling.  Add the cream cheese and sugar to a large mixer bowl and beat until well combined and smooth. Set aside.   ln another large mixer bowl, combine the heavy whipping cream, powdered sugar and vanilla extract and whip on high speed until stiff peaks form.  Add about 1/3 of the whipped cream to the cream cheese mixture and gently fold to combine. Continue adding another third of the whipped cream to the cream cheese mixture until all has been combined.  Add the strawberries (without the juices) to the cream cheese mixture and gently fold together.  Place a full layer of lady fingers in the bottom of a 9x13 inch cake pan.  Add about half of the strawberry cream cheese mixture to the top of the lady fingers and spread into an even layer.  Add another full layer of lady fingers on top of the strawberry layer, then add the remaining strawberry cream cheese mixture and smooth into an even layer.  Place the icebox cake into the fridge to set, about 4-5 hours.  While the cake is in the fridge, make the graham cracker topping. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.   Combine the crumbs, sugar, salt and melted butter and stir together until well combined.  Spread the mixture evenly onto a parchment paper or silicone baking mat lined cookie sheet and bake for 5-7 minutes, until the edges of the mixture start to brown.  Remove from oven, allow to cool for a few minutes, then break into crumble pieces.
Once the crumble is cooled, sprinkle on top of the icebox cake along with some additional strawberries. Let the icebox cake continue to set in the fridge until you are ready to serve it.  lcebox cake is best for 2-3 days, or as long as the strawberries stay frsh.
You can use two 3 oz packages of the softer, more sponge cake-like ladyfingers. Not the firm ones. I find them in the bakery section
of our grocery store. lf you're unable to flnd them in your area, you could substitute them with Nilla Wafer cookies or shortbread cookies. lf you use the cookies, l'd suggest dipping them in milk quickly before adding them to help them soften up.  The graham cracker crumble could be baked or not baked. I like it baked because it gives it a litt[e more crunch that stayes crunchy even in the fridge, but it would be fine either"
"Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.   Lightly grease a medium baking sheet.
Remove stems from mushrooms. Reserve and chop approximately 1/2.  Arrange mushroom caps in a singte layer on the prepared baking sheet so that the edges of the caps touch one another. Set aside.  ln a small saucepan over medium heat, mett  1/2 cup butter.  Place reserved, chopped mushroom stems in the pan, and slowly cook and stir untit soft.   Stir in the flour to coat mushroom stems. Mix in green onions, sherry, minced clams and 1/2 their reserved juice (discard rernainder), garlic, bread crumbs, pepper, ltalian-styte seasoning and bacon bits.
Continue cooking approximatety 3 rninutes, until all ingredients are well mixed. Remove from heat and stir in Romano cheese. Altow mixture to cool approximately 5 minutes.  Fill the mushroom caps generousty with the mixture. Drizzle with melted butter.  Bake in the preheated oven 20 to 25 minutes, untit tightly browned. Serve with lemon wedges.
wedges.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED O 2}TGA[lrecipes.com
Printed From A[treci pes.com 3127 l2OL6
http:l I allrecipes. com/recip e125494/stuffed-mushrooms-casino/pri. ."
"Spray a cooking sheet with cooking spray.  Clean mushrooms with a damp paper towel.  Carefully break off stems.  Chop stems extremely fne, discarding tough end of stems.  Heat oil in a large skillet over
medium heat. Add garlic and chopped mushroom stems to the skillet.
Fry until any moisture has disappeared, taking care not to burn garlic.
Set aside to cool. When garlic and mushroom mixture is no longer hot,
stir in cream cheese, Parmesan cheese, black pepper, onion powder
and cayenne pepper. Mixture should be very thick Using a little
spoon, fill each mushroom cap with a generous amount of stuffing.   Arrange the mushroom caps on prepared pan.  Bake 20 minutes or uyntil the mushrooms are piping hot and quid star form under skins."
"Preheat oven to 325  degrees F.   Lightly spray pan cavities with vegetable pan spray.  ln large bowl, beat oil, egg, vanilla, buttei flavor, gran|ated sugar and salt with electric mixer at medium speed for 1 minute.  Add flour andd beat until well blended, scraplpg down bottom  and sides of bowl ..
bowl as necessary.   Tint dough usingWilton lcing co|ors (optional)l.  Press 1 1/2 teaspoons evenly into  cavities, filling completely.  Bake 9-11 minutes rotating pan halfway through baking or until light brown around edges.  Cool in  pan 5 minutes.  Remove from pan.  Cool completely  on cooling grid.   For filling beat shortening,confections sugar and vanilla with electric mixer until weell combined.  Spread cookies with filliing and sandwich together.  To store cover cookies looselywith plastic wrap or container with lid of container ajar.  To decorate, dip in or drizzle with melted candy.  Cover  in sprinkles,  colored sugars or nonpereils.  Chill until set, 5-10 minutes."
"Melt margarine in large saucepan over low heat.  Add marshmallows, stir until melted and well blended.  Remove from heat.  Stir in vanilla.  Add Rice Krispies, stirring until covered.  Using large buttered spatula press into buttered 13 x 9 inch baking dish. Cool.  Cut into squares."
"reheat oven to 325  degrees F.   Lightly spray pan cavities with vegetable pan spray.  In a small bowl sift together flour and cocoa.  In large bowl, beat oil, egg, vanilla, buttei flavor, gran|ated sugar and salt with electric mixer at medium speed for 1 minute.  Add flour andd beat until well blended, scraplpg down bottom  and sides of bowl  as necessary.  Press 1 1/2 teaspoons evenly into  cavities, filling completely.  Bake 9-11 minutes rotating pan halfway through bakg or until light brown around edges.  Cool in  pan 5 minutes.  Remove from pan.  Cool completely  on cooling grid.   For filling beat shortening,confections sugar and vanilla with electric mixer until weell combined.  Spread cookies with filliing and sandwich together.  To store cover cookies looselywith plastic wrap or container with lid of container ajar.  To decorate, dip in or drizzle with melted candy.  Cover  in sprinkles,  colored sugars or nonpereils.  Chill until set, 5-10 minutes."
"Mix crumbs and butter.  Save 1/4 cup mixture for topping.  Press 2 tablespoons of crumb mixture in botom and up sides of 8 dessery dishes.  Chill.  Prepare pudding according to label directions for lemon meringue pie.  Cool: stir often. Chill Carnatin inrefrideraator tray until soft ice crystals form around edges of tray (10-15 minutes).   Whip until stiff: add lemon juice.   Whip very stiff.  Beat cooled pudding until light and fluffy. Fold Carnatin into puddig.  Spoon into chilled dessert dishes.  Top with peaches and remaining 1/4 cup crumbs.  Chill until ready to serve."
"Combine burger mixture ingredients.  Form 4 8 inch patties by pressing each between pieces of wax paper.  Brown patties in skillet in small amount of fat.  Make sauce.
Saucxe
Add water to pineapple syrup to make one cup.  In saucepan mix syrup with cornstarch, vinegar, brown sugar, soy sauce,  Cook stirring until thick and clear.  Pour excess fat off burgers, in skillet, cover with sauce.  Add pineapple chunks and peppers.  Cover, simmer over low heat 15 minutes."
"Mix margarine and Hraham Wafer Crumbs together.  Keep 1/4 cup for topping.  Press mixture into 13 inch baking pan.  Bake for 5 minutes.  Let cool completely.  Beat egg and soft margarine together addding icing sugar and beat until fluffy.  Spread over baked crumbs.  Mix pineapple nd whipped cream together and spread on top.   Sprinkle remaining crumnbs over top"
"Melt butter in  medium saucepan over medium heat.   Add onion and cook until softened, about five minutes.  Add garlic and cook until fragrant, about 30 seconds.  Add tomato sauce, cherries, btown sugar, orange juice, molasses, cider vinegar,  chili powder, white pepper and cayenne and stir to combine.  Bring to boil, then reducd to heat to low and simnmer until slightly thickened, about 30 minutes, stirring occasinally.  Transfer sauce to blender and blend lightly  for chunkier texture.  Le tcool to room temperature, transfer to a jar and store in the refrigerator for up to one month."
"In saucepan melt 1/2 cup butter then add 1 cup brown sugar..  Remove fron heat and add remaining batter ingredients.  Press into greased 8 x  8 inch pan.  Bake 20 minutes.  Cool.
Frosting:   Place in a saucepan butter and bown sugar.  Bring to a boil.  Set in cold water and add 1 cup icing sugar and maple exract . Stir until smooth  Spread over squares."
"Push as much juice out as possible with a fine strainer when draining the pineapple. This process makes the mixture a bit more firm and easier to work with.  In a small bowl, beat cream cheese and pineapple. Mix well.  Cover and refrigerate for 30 minutes.  Once done, roll mixture into 1-inch balls.  Then roll in coconut.  Refrigerate for 6 hours or overnight."
"Begin by saut  degrees ing the apple wedges, butter, brown sugar, salt, and cinnamon together in a medium non-stick pan.  Saut  degrees  for only a couple of minutes; you want the butter and sugar to caramelize together, but you don  degrees t want the apples to become too soft.  Set aside to cool.
To prepare the Bread Pudding layer
Grease a 9  degrees  x 9  degrees  baking dish well. A slightly larger baking dish will work too.  Toss the bread cubes with the grated nutmeg and cinnamon, and then place the spiced bread cubes into the greased baking dish.  Whisk together the whipping cream, milk, 1 egg and 1 egg yolk, sugar, vanilla extract, and a pinch of salt.  Pour the mixture evenly over the bread cubes, pressing down slightly to make sure all the cubes are soaked. Leave them to soak while you make the crumble.
To prepare the Oatmeal Crumble Topping
Preheat the oven to 350  degrees F. In a large bowl, toss the baking powder, rolled oats, flour, and brown sugar together.  Using your hands, rub the small cubes of butter thoroughly through the dry ingredients.
When the butter is fully incorporated into the dry ingredients, layer the apples evenly over the bread pudding layer.  Drizzle any of the caramel from saut  degrees ing the apples over the bread pudding as well.  Press the crumble together in handfuls and then crumble it over the apples by breaking off small  pieces about the size of the top of your little finger.
Bake in the preheated oven for about 35 to 40 minutes or until the top is evenly golden brown and the custard beneath is set. A clean butter knife inserted into the center of the pan will determine if the custard beneath is still liquid.  Remove from the oven and cool on a wire rack for 20 to 30 minutes before serving with a generous drizzle of Homemade Caramel Sauce"
"To prepare the bread pudding
Grease an 8x8 inch baking dish well.  In a bowl, toss the bread cubes with the nutmeg and cinnamon.  Place the spiced bread cubes into the greased baking dish.  Whisk together the whipping cream, milk, egg yolks, eggs, sugar vanilla and salt.   Stir until the sugar is completely dissolved.  Pour the mixture evenly over the bread cubes, pressing down slightly to make sure all the cubes are soaked.  Bake in a 350 degree oven for about 45-50 minutes until the custard is set and no longer liquid in the center.  Let the bread pudding stand for about 20 minutes before serving.  Serve with the apples and maple caramel sauce.
To prepare the apples
Peel and cut the apples into thick slices.  In a medium skillet melt the butter and add the cinnamon and brown sugar.  Cook over medium heat until the sugar dissolves and the mixture is bubbly.  Add the apples and saut  degrees  until the apples are just fork tender but not mushy.  Remove the apples from the sauce. Let them drain in a colander or sieve and return all the liquid to to a small saucepan.  Add the maple syrup and simmer the sauce for several minutes to reduce it to a slightly thickened
bubbling consistency.    Add the whipping cream and simmer for an additional couple of minutes.  Return the apples to the sauce to warm them and serve over the bread pudding."
"Open salmon and drain thoroughly. Place drained salmon in mixing bowl and flake evenly with a fork.  Add onion, corn meal, flour, mayonnaise, and egg. Stir until well blended.   Shape the mixture into patties about the size of an average burger or less.  Cook in oil in skillet over medium heat until browned on each side. Turn once while frying.
Note: The mayonnaise helps the patties hold their shape and keeps them from being too dry."
"Preparation:  Submerge grilling plank in water for 2-6 hours before cooking.
Cooking Time: 15-25 minutes (about double the cooking time of non
planked salmon)
Preheat barbecue grillto medium heat  350  degrees .  Place plank on grill and brush with grape seed or canola oil.  Sprinkle Maple Pepper'Original Spice Blend liberally onto salmon fillet.  For BBQing, put your planked salmon on one side of your grill andcontinue heating the barbeque for another 5 minutes.  After the 5 minutes, turn the side your plank is cooking on, down to low and turn the other burner down to medium and close the lid.  The plank should crackle & smolder. This creates the smoke for the smoky flavour!  Keep a spray bottle handy to spritz out flames, you want your plank smoldering, not flaming. Keep the lid closed as much as possible to keep in smoke.  Continue cooking until flaky, dont turn salmon.  Clean your planks in light soapy water and rinse really wetl. Place in a 350  degrees  oven for 15 minutes and when cooled, store upright.  Resoak when ready to use again."
"Preheat oven to 350'F. Lightly spray pan cavities with vegetable pan spray.  In a large bowl, beat butter and sugar with electric mixer at medium speed until well blended.  Beat in eggs and extraccts, mix welll.   Combine flour and salt, add to butter mixture.  Beat until well blended.   Press dough into cavaties, filling 2/3 full.  Bake 10-12 minutes or until light brown around edges.  Cool in pan 10 minutes.  Turn pan over, lightly tap pan to remove cookies.  Cool comp0letely onn cooling grid."
"In a small bowl, combine the flour, 2/3 cup sugar, baking powder and salt. Cut in butter until mixture resembles coarse crumbs. Stir in milk just until moistened. Spread into the bottom of a greased 4- or 5-qt. slow cooker; sprinkle apples over batter.  In a small bowl, combine orange juice, honey, melted butter, cinnamon and the remaining 1/4 cup sugar; pour over apples. Cover and cook on high until apples are tender, 2-3 hours.  In a small bowl, combine sour cream and confectioners' sugar. Serve with warm pudding cake."
"In a medium saucepan over medium low heat combine the melted butter, sugar and 1 1/2 tsp vanilla extract.  Cook for only a couple of minutes, stirring constantly until hot and the sugar is dissolved.  Quickly whisk in the beaten eggs.  Cook for only about a minute before removing from the heat and very quickly stirring in the graham crumbs, coconut and mini marshmallows.  Lightly grease and line the bottom and sides of a 9x13 baking pan with parchment paper.  Line the bottom of the pan with graham crackers. Cut as needed to fit."
"Set oven to 350 degrees. Grease and flour 3 large loaf pans. Beat together the sugar and margarine, add the eggs, and beat well. Zest the 4 lemons, reserving the fruit.  Stir the zest into pmixturp, Stir in milk, lemon extract and nuts.  Pour mixture evenly into the loaf pans and bake 45 to 60 minutes or until a straw comes out clean. While the loaves are haking, juice the 4 lemonss and add the juice to the 2 cups of sugar, stirring until ihe sugar is dissolved. Upon removing the loaves from the oven, puncture each loaf 40-50 times with a straw and pour the lemon-sugar mixture over the loaves,"
"Heat the oil in a wok and add the beef strips, stir fry tor 2 minutes.  Add the broccoli florets and onion and stir fry for a further minute.
Pour over the Sauce and heat through."
"Mix in order,  Roll inn balls and place on parchment paper on cooking sheet.  Bake at 350  degrees  for 15-18 ,onutes."
"Preheat oven to 350  degrees F.  In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, or in a large mixing bowl using a handheld mixer, cream the butter and granulated sugar together until light and fluffy (about 4-5 minutes). Beat in eggs one at a time, then beat in the egg yolk and pure vanilla extract, stopping to scrape down the sides of the bowl as needed.  In a separate mixing bowl whisk together the cake flour, baking powder, and salt. Set aside.  In a large measuring cup whisk together the buttermilk and rum. Set aside.  Alternate mixing the dry ingredients with the buttermilk rum mixture into the wet ingredients in three additions, starting and ending with the dry ingredients.  Generously spray a 10-inch (12-cup) bundt pan with nonstick cooking spray, making sure to fully coat the entire pan. Sprinkle the chopped nuts into the pan and spread them around in an even layer. Scoop the batter into the prepared bundt pan over the chopped nuts and spread it around into one even layer.  Bake at 350  degrees F  for 40-55 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the cake comes out clean. Cover loosely with foil for the last 5-10 minutes of baking time if needed to prevent excess browning.  Remove the cake from the oven and place it on a wire rack to cool slightly in the pan while you prepare the glaze.
To make the rum glaze:
Slice the butter into pieces and place it in a large saucepan over medium heat. Once the butter has melted, add the sugar, rum, and water to the saucepan and stir until well combined.  Bring to a rapid boil over medium heat, stirring occasionally. Once the mixture begins to rapidly boil, reduce the heat to medium-low heat and simmer for 6-8 minutes, stirring occasionally. Remove from the heat, then stir in the vanilla extract.  Use a skewer to poke holes in the cake, spoon about 1/3 of the glaze over the cake in the pan. Allow it to sit for about 10 minutes.  Place some foil or parchment paper under the wire rack, then carefully invert the cake onto the wire rack and remove it from the pan. Use a skewer to poke holes on the top of the cake and then carefully spoon the rest of the glaze on top of the cake and around the sides.  Allow the cake to cool completely, then serve.
Notes
Store leftover cake in an airtight container at room temperature for up to 4 days.
Freezing Instructions: Cake will freeze well for up to 3 months. Thaw overnight in the refrigerator and bring to room temperature before serving.
Rum:  You can also use a gold or spiced rum in this cake."
"Place egg whites in a large bowl; let stand at room temperature for 30 minutes.  Preheat oven to 325  degrees . In another large bowl, beat sugar, butter and oil until well blended. Add egg yolks, 1 at a time, beating well after each addition.  Combine flour, baking powder, baking soda and salt; add to creamed mixture alternately with buttermilk, beating well after each addition. Stir in coconut and extracts..  Add cream of tartar to egg whites; with clean beaters, beat on medium until stiff peaks form. Fold a fourth of the egg whites into batter, then fold in remaining whites.  Transfer to 3 greased and floured 9-in. round baking pans. Bake 25-30 minutes or until a toothpick inserted in center comes out clean. Cool 10 minutes before removing from pans to wire racks to cool completely.
For frosting, in a small bowl, beat cream cheese and butter until fluffy. Add confectioners  degrees  sugar and extract; beat until smooth.  Place 1 cake layer on a serving plate; spread with 1/2 cup frosting and sprinkle with 1/3 cup coconut. Repeat. Top with remaining cake layer. Spread remaining frosting over top and sides of cake; sprinkle with remaining coconut. Refrigerate for 2 hours before cutting. Store in the refrigerator."
"Mis well, eggs, sugar, warm water and oil.  Add the 4 cups of flour and yeast.  Add last the 3 1/2 cups flour and salt.  Add  more flur as needed, 1 to 1/2 cup.  Let rise for 15 minutes, punch for 4 minutes, the raise 15 minutes.  Make rolls and let rise for 30 minutes.  Bake 350  degrees  for 20-25 minutes."
"Preheat oven to 425  degrees .  Lightly grease a 9 inch pie plate.  Lightly beat egg.  Stir in bread crumbs and 1/3 cup spaghetti sauce.  Crumble in beef.  Add 1/2 cup cheese, garlic, basil, oregano,  salt and pepper.  Work mixture until combined.  Evenly pat into pie plate.  Bake uncovered for 20  minutes.  Drain off any juices.  Spread remaining sauce and  sprinkle remaining cheese.  Bake 10-15 minutes or until cheese is golden."
"Preheat oven to 425  degrees .  In a large bowl mix cornstarch with water.  Toss with all filling ingredients.   Let  stand for 10-15 minutes.  Meanwhile line a 10 inch deep dish pie pan with crust.  Spoon the filling into the crust in layers.  Add the top crust, seal and flute the edges.  Cut decorative designs into the top crust, then brush with milk.  Mix cinnasmon and sugar and sprinkle over crust.  Cover the crust eges with foil.  Bake the pie for 15 minutes, reduce heat to 350  degrees  and bake 45-50 minutes or until juices form bubbles.  Remove the foil to the last 15-20 minutes of cooking time to brown the edges."
"Mix all ingredients and simmer for 2 hours, stirring often to prevent burning."
"Combine all ingredients and stir until completely combined.   Put in prepared tart shells and bake for 30 minutes."
"To prepare the pastry
Pulse the cold butter and shortening into the flour sugar and salt using a food processor until the shortening or butter is reduced to pea sized pieces.  Sprinkle the water over the surface and toss with a fork until the water is just incorporated into the dough. Do not over work the dough; handle it only enough so that the dough stays together.  Form the dough into two rounds about an inch thick.  Wrap in plastic wrap and let rest in the fridge for about a half hour.  Roll out on lightly floured surface. Cut into rounds with 4 inch cutter. Fit into muffin cups. Chill in the fridge or freezer while you prepare the filling. Cold pastry heading into a hot oven will always be flakier.
To make the filling
Combine all filling ingredients except raisins.  Mix well.  Sprinkle raisins in a single layer in the bottom of the pastry lined muffin cups.  Fill 2/3 full with syrup mixture.  Bake on bottom shelf of oven at 425 degrees F for 12 to 15 minutes.  Cool completely on a wire rack and remove tarts from pans.
If you want a firmer, less runny filling simply add an additional egg, increase the brown sugar to 3/4 cup and decrease the corn syrup to 1/4 cup."
